Timothy Sackton: And music.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So
Timothy Sackton: we are starting our adventure today
Timothy Sackton: in the vermilion aisles
Timothy Sackton: a small archipelago of red rocky cliffs that rise from the warm blue ocean
Timothy Sackton: among the vast and ever-changing islands that stretch for thousands of miles between the green sea and the endless ocean. To the east
Timothy Sackton: the Vermilion Isles in the town called Wahacha, where you are.
Timothy Sackton: They're mostly inhabited by Penku, a flying race of bird folk and Telgar.
Timothy Sackton: Here they make their cliffs on the towering red cliffs that rise from the sea
Timothy Sackton: and dot the dry, scrubby uh interior of the islands; and while the Kenku of the Vermilion Isles are nominally welcoming of outsiders.
Timothy Sackton: They do little to make their homes and villages accessible to those without wings,
Timothy Sackton: and most of the grounders, as they call the flightless people, humans mostly, but some halflings and others
Timothy Sackton: uh the grounders mostly live in a few small clusters of buildings around the main harbor.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: five of you have all found your way, and through various roots, some sort more circuitous than others to the Dolphins Rest,
Timothy Sackton: a boisterous
Timothy Sackton: in
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: serving the sailors on short leave from the merchant vessels that ply the trade routes to and around the vermilion aisles.
Timothy Sackton: Here, in a quiet back room, you've gathered to discuss the problem of raiders
Timothy Sackton: for the past month or so has not been a peaceful time for the vermilion aisles.
Timothy Sackton: Three times now merchant ships on their way to or from Wahacha, have been attacked by raiders of a most unusual nature.
Timothy Sackton: They approach in small, swift galleys, fading distress, while the crew calls for aid a party slips underwater, seemingly able to breathe comfortably,
Timothy Sackton: pouring a hole near the waterline of the merchant vessel, and sneaking aboard.
Timothy Sackton: Although I have sometimes taken treasure they have generally not focused on treasurer cargo instead kidnapping people escaping in the commotion, while the crews of the ship struggle to repair the gaping holes in the hall as water poison.
Timothy Sackton: Just in the past few days these attacks have escalated to raids on the near shore of the Vermilion aisles, and to Kenku
Timothy Sackton: named Nato and Scoda partners, explorers, travelers,
Timothy Sackton: wise in the way of the islands, but growing old in years, and not as quick on the wing as they once were, or kidnapped. Well, only ah! Less than a mile off the coast, in a small boat.
Timothy Sackton: You are now all gathered, introduced by the Ken Q. Portnet, and
Timothy Sackton: all introduced to each other as
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: the portmaster has has learned from all of your stories that you're all interested in the question of these raiders, and motivated for various ways, and in various um
Timothy Sackton: for various reasons to
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: track them down to their lair.
Timothy Sackton: And you've gathered here to discuss what to do about this.
Timothy Sackton: You know only from the portmaster and from rumors in town that the base of these small galleys from which the raiders come seems to be about forty to fifty miles offshore in the endless ocean.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: some ken two scouts have soared high overhead. Um, and claim that there is a hidden seamount. Here ships racked um, and a small anchorage of of these small road galleys here.
Timothy Sackton: So this is the most likely location of the base.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you all sit in this end.
Timothy Sackton: Why, don't you all
Timothy Sackton: introduce your characters?
Timothy Sackton: Who has to go first?
Timothy Sackton: A weird spot on the zoom, my back of it just behind me. I was spooky
Timothy Sackton: back there.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I can go ahead so
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: my character's name is Shoal, and I
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: for those of you that are familiar with C. Elves. That's what he
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: appears to be. He has a very elven features, but a sort of green hair, where they would normally have silver or light brown
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: um his. He's built sort of like he rose crew, or plays lacrosse. He's a young and boisterous man
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: um six foot two or three, and heavy armor that is a similar color to his hair, sort of a
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: light to dark green seaweed. Um! Scroll across it,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: and um his only weapon that you see, is strapped across his back at the moment. It's a large slave that has um shark teeth on one of the cutting edges, and
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: the other sort of symbolic or or um interesting thing on his person is that one of the paltrans on his armor is actually a a shark head and a fin that's been preserved there. Um! And it's
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: from coming of age ceremony, where they would have had to fight the a small shark as a young boy, and and do that bare hand.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: So he's loud and athletic and ready for some action.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Our tem uh nova
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): um is a
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): middle aged man. Um.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): His hair is very white, not like white from age, but just like a very, very pale kind of platinum bond. His skin is very pale.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): He's
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): it's kind of thin Um,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): but he has these piercing The The main feature you notice
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): that you would be drawn to is just these piercing,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): almost commanding eyes like he. He takes a glance at you, and it seems like he's sizing you up and kinda
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): has a lot
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): of
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): did you? Just a very um impactful sort of presence
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): he's wearing like thick,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): richly
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): like well made like rich blue robes. Um, with I, Is it? It's relatively warm here? Right?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, It's It's
Timothy Sackton: yeah, maybe like Portugale, right? But but
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): but it's so. But it's fall. So yeah, so like, and I mean he, he looks dressed for travel like he he definitely came from somewhere. Not here. He has a a you know. A A white cloak um on his finger is is a is several rings um,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): you know, some thick bands of gold um, and one ring in particular that studded with with five rubies. Um! That's also sort of a heavy ring that's sort of noticeable doesn't seem to be carrying any weapons or armor. Um, you know he has a
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): His robes are a little bit
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): volume in this right way. It could be something hidden underneath them,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): but otherwise
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): he appears to be
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): an un
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): unequipped With much.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): He seems
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): full of energy, and anxious to be moving on
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): with something like he always seems to be moving towards the next step as he's walking as he's talking
Rev. David (he/him): uh well, these uh heffling um
Rev. David (he/him): wearing uh what looks like just sailors clothes that half wings would wear in this part of the world like um knee pants gathered close around his cabs, and uh
Rev. David (he/him): a loose shirt tucked into a belt. On the back of his chair is hanging a bundle with a quiver of arrows and an unstrung short bow, and a short so it all together.
Rev. David (he/him): Um!
Rev. David (he/him): He's wearing around his neck uh uh sort of a scarf or cravat like thing that also serves to muffle any jangling of the two necklaces. He wears one with a locket and one with a white bone whistle uh tucked into a sharpie glimpses of them.
Rev. David (he/him): He sits
Rev. David (he/him): simultaneously, with a sense of real good humor and laughter, joking and making conversation, and at the same time the sort of look that a perched hawk has, or a cat watching a hole that it expects a mouse to come out of.
Rev. David (he/him): And you get the impression that there's nothing happening in the room that goes past him.
Rev. David (he/him): When a server comes by from behind him with mugs he reaches up to take the cup from out of his hand without even looking
Um
Rev. David (he/him): and uh,
Rev. David (he/him): following the rubric. So the recently revealed fun fact. And this is going to be less applicable to those who have not followed the adventure of Wellbe's head over the years.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, he's swapped it out for a um. So swap has had a for a a sailor's hat from the Eastern green sea, which is made of um dried and woven uh seagrass uh with a wide brim uh in in a halfling style.
Rev. David (he/him): So he's got that on the other, back of the chair on the other side.
Eric Rosenbaum: Another person in the room with you is a short, stocky birdman, one of the Kanku
Eric Rosenbaum: native to this region.
Eric Rosenbaum: He has uh
Eric Rosenbaum: brown feathers,
Eric Rosenbaum: an imposing, a sharp yellow beak.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah! And piercing green eyes that have seemed. Sh
Eric Rosenbaum: um!
Eric Rosenbaum: He! Ah,
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not very good at um
Eric Rosenbaum: being sociable making a small talk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: but he does um
Eric Rosenbaum: size up the uh arms and armaments of others, especially the the bow
um,
Eric Rosenbaum: and Weldy has you notice that he's packing a
Eric Rosenbaum: low and also a large net.
So
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Alamash is sitting at the table. He's a very large human six, five,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: two hundred and thirty to forty, lean but strong,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: wearing full armor. His helmet sits beside him, a long spear and a shield.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: The armor is very nice, but worn, and used
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: um rooms and other symbols of vaguely
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: magical but not exotic magic, practical magic,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: a very kind of practical
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: motifs throughout his armor, since the shield is, has the colors of the Republic of
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: so boss. Um! But the shield is worn well cared for the paint doll, but clearly
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: um a shield out of
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: um.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: The spear itself is slightly
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: chilled. A slight line of frost on the pointed blade.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Um!
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: He looks. He has a military bearing
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: He's used to giving and following orders, and he sits his back straight,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: aware,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: but not quite relaxed,
Timothy Sackton: That was great. Everybody thanks. So
Timothy Sackton: you have a moment to discuss,
Timothy Sackton: share your information, introduce yourselves to each other.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): So Artem sort of steps forward and and looks at
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): all of you. Um! Briefly
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): the the part master like introduced us.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So I mean, what's the sort of you've all been You've all been around town for between
Timothy Sackton: one and between six hours and a few days, or some of you live here. One of you lives here.
Rev. David (he/him): Could we change our names to a character name? So it's easy for me to keep that I actually can ask, Can we, instead, like put in chat, character, name, and like species and class, and uh
Rev. David (he/him): it's like a little more identifying context would be super useful for me.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: but you So you've been you've been,
Timothy Sackton: you know, you've been.
Timothy Sackton: You've been connected to each other because you've all I mean. You've all expressed,
Timothy Sackton: you know you're You've all
Timothy Sackton: asked about the raiders. You've either been on a ship that was attacked, or you've come seeking information about them, for
Timothy Sackton: you know one reason or another. And so
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: you know I I don't want to like believe in the details for a super long time. But basically
Timothy Sackton: you've got all the people who have been sort of asking about the raiders. And so
Timothy Sackton: so uh the portmaster sort of gathered you all together, and was like
Timothy Sackton: you should all meet you all right,
Timothy Sackton: you know you have the same goals.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): our time sort of um
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): steps forward, or sort of glances at everybody. Um,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): i'm!
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I hear that you are all
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): also
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): looking to uh
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): find these
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): raiders.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I was on a ship, and
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): they took something of mine that I need to get back quite urgently.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I've been looking for a few other people,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): for I set out, but
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): if you are those people I think we should leave immediately.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Do we have
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: second? Do we have a boat?
Timothy Sackton: No, the I mean the king who want somebody to deal with this they will. The The Port master has provided you with a a boat stocked with food and water and supplies.
Timothy Sackton: At least a few of you know how to sail.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Let's get gone.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm ready.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean this. This greater thing is in my usual business. I you know, ideal in creatures primarily, but
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm certainly willing to help
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Graders need to die.
Rev. David (he/him): What is your usual business, Rufus?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, uh somebody's got a, you know. Keep a lid on the
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: There are also some unwelcome large avian troublemakers
Eric Rosenbaum: that I tend to helpless.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can catch my meeting.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Interesting line of work
Eric Rosenbaum: pays the bills, you know. Ah, people know, and trust me to ah protect them from things with large teeth or too many tentacles for their comfort.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: I take care of that for them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Uh, normally, I work solo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Get into the mindset
of these
Eric Rosenbaum: nasty and follow them and take them. There.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Are you getting paid to do this?
Eric Rosenbaum: I was just going to ask about that now that you mentioned,
Eric Rosenbaum: I think the the harbor master
Timothy Sackton: reassured me that I could be compensated. So so, Eric, I think we sort of discuss that The village itself has you on sort of a semi retainer or retainer right? Yes,
Timothy Sackton: so you're so you're you're you're you're you're above. You're above hourly wages. Here you're a salary employee is is funding an issue for you.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): You could see our teams like fingering one of the many ring, heavy ring gold rings on his.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a modest life. I have what I need. The remote retainer I receive is adequate normally, unless you think that this expedition could bring with it to some
Eric Rosenbaum: unusual dangers.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I think perhaps it could.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Ah, certainly the raiders were unusual, being underwater, and all,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): and
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): speed is is urgent for me at least the longer a winker here
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): well enough said about that, but
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): if funds would help us move more quickly, they can certainly be provided.
Rev. David (he/him): Where are you bound for? Art
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): met you on the south, to the south,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): the spice cities
Rev. David (he/him): You're home.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): No,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): my home is
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): well,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): it's no more. I guess
Eric Rosenbaum: I can relate to that.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: All mesh stands up. Let's go.
Timothy Sackton: That's the right kind of player to have in your game.
Timothy Sackton: Uh
Timothy Sackton: you can talk more on the boat. It's It's It's like lunch time. You're gonna have an evening
Timothy Sackton: if you know this is forty miles out, so
Timothy Sackton: you know that's
Timothy Sackton: with a small boat like this, you know. Maybe a
Timothy Sackton: a day in a day's sale. So you'll probably
Timothy Sackton: probably don't want to arrive in the middle of the night would be my guess.
Timothy Sackton: So you'll have basically a day,
Timothy Sackton: you know, the day sailing, and then, you know,
Timothy Sackton: drift anchor for a bit, and then
Timothy Sackton: arrived the next morning and mid morning. Something like that.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Okay,
Rev. David (he/him): Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: So you set out.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: You are, of course, welcome to
Timothy Sackton: talk more on the boat.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Is everybody here like?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Do we all know our way around a boat, or is anybody like a fish out of water? In this context
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Artem definitely does not seem like somebody who has spent much time on boots.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um:
Timothy Sackton: yeah. So so as you get as you get to this boat, Yeah, who is taking charge of sailing, who is like comfortable here,
Timothy Sackton: who is just diving underwater and just swimming the whole way.
Rev. David (he/him): What What is all of your experience.
Rev. David (he/him): I've crude. I've sailed.
Huh!
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I protect sailors. I don't sail
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: so Alice is completely familiar on the boat. The no sea sickness knows to get out of the way doesn't know shit about sailing. That's not his job.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I forgot to take a background. So sailor seems reasonable.
Rev. David (he/him): Webe looks over at you. I guess it's us then.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm familiar with the Salem craft. I usually
Eric Rosenbaum: operate my own smaller vessels now
really
Timothy Sackton: um, and the three of us.
Timothy Sackton: So you
Timothy Sackton: you uh
Timothy Sackton: set out. Um!
Timothy Sackton: It's a it's a small boat. It's like a it's, you know, can easily be crude by one. Just a single single-masted sailing ship with space for eight or so, and auxiliary ores. If the wind is down. Um
Timothy Sackton: setting out on the you're setting out now is so the you know the first little bit of your journey is
Timothy Sackton: sort of weaving through the vermilion aisle. So you spend the the better part of the day sort of tacking and navigating
Timothy Sackton: through. Since you started on the eastern edge through the vermilion aisles
Timothy Sackton: to the endless ocean which rumor has, It is literally endless. You can sail forever, and never find land.
Timothy Sackton: Whether that's true or not nobody knows, because nobody has ever come back from a journey in the
Timothy Sackton: and you, although the further you go out. The larger the squid are, so that presumably continues indefinite as well. So it's just squid
Timothy Sackton: uh the the room. The like legend in the um republic of school loss is that like there?
Timothy Sackton: Long ago ancestors came from over the sea.
Timothy Sackton: But again, nobody really knows if that's history or myth.
Timothy Sackton: Um.
Timothy Sackton: And so you set out, and almost immediately you can tell that.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, you're sailing in a in a different ocean. Probably the only I mean Shoal would have spent some time given that your homeland is
Timothy Sackton: kind of out into the endless ocean a little bit more than any of these other islands.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: The currents are strong,
Timothy Sackton: the the waves are
Timothy Sackton: unpredict. There will be these rogue waves that just come up out of nowhere. You've got to brace the boat against them, and sometimes they'll wash over the ship.
Timothy Sackton: It's a small boat, and
Timothy Sackton: it takes some concentration and sort of careful crewing to keep things
Timothy Sackton: keep things moving in this.
Timothy Sackton: This strange water
Timothy Sackton: current is is very warm here. It's almost the water itself is almost tropical.
Um,
Timothy Sackton: you'll occasionally see, you know, shoals of giant multicolored fish swimming. Um, but the water is very, very deep. You cannot see the bottom
Eric Rosenbaum: um! And after this, at some point dives for his dinner,
Eric Rosenbaum: he comes back with a large red, dripping crab, and tears it apart with relish
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): uh our Tim when it when it's dinner time
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): he does. He takes out a spell book like he has this chief of like It's a fine. It's very nicely made like
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): nice book. He kind of flips through it, and he mutters for a few minutes. Um! And then
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): something invisible starts running around, preparing his food and bringing it to him, and he offers, You know we will serve the rest of you as well.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Al Mesh is eating hard tack out of the little bag, Buddy.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um! The
Timothy Sackton: The food is actually pretty good that the can you have a pack for you? It's like um
Timothy Sackton: chili's seafood
Timothy Sackton: fresh. Ah!
Timothy Sackton: Fresh vegetables,
Timothy Sackton: You know some some local beer water.
Timothy Sackton: You gotta. You can put together a pretty good meal out of this. Um!
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: you drift off
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: wake in the morning as you sail and approach the
Timothy Sackton: ah,
Timothy Sackton: the location that's been scouted by by people already, and you can see there's one wrecked ship that's just
Timothy Sackton: uh seems like it's been wrecked for quite a while, because it's entirely rotted away,
Timothy Sackton: and a cluster of about four of these
Timothy Sackton: galley is maybe only a little bit bigger than than your own ship uh could be crude by
Timothy Sackton: twelve or fourteen
Timothy Sackton: uh people on ores uh to big enough for two masks, but with single sale each
Timothy Sackton: that seemed to be drifting at anchor.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing else disturbs the water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait! Sorry to. There's
Eric Rosenbaum: ships floating there. They're abandoned looking, or I missed something.
Timothy Sackton: They're just at anchor. There's nobody in them
Timothy Sackton: There's one rack ship, one shift that's completely that's
Timothy Sackton: run a ground on something. Presumably there's some
Timothy Sackton: sea mount or or something for it to underground on.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm sure here and then
Timothy Sackton: floating off, floating offshore, just drifting on sea anchors or more to something,
Timothy Sackton: are four of these little galleys that are in good repair. They clearly could be used.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um, but no signs of people,
Timothy Sackton: no signs of people.
Rev. David (he/him): Are there other wrecks underwater
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: make a of side perception? Check
Timothy Sackton: with your plus twenty-three, or whatever. You'll probably find something.
Timothy Sackton: No, that's a pretty bad role for you. Um,
Timothy Sackton: you don't see other wrecks underwater. You'd see you do see that there is like um.
Timothy Sackton: It. It does look like this ship is wrecked on the top of some kind of sea mount,
Timothy Sackton: and there's you can see the sides of it. It's like a bit of the side of an underwater island,
Timothy Sackton: so there's shoals here for sure.
Rev. David (he/him): Cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: I could take a spin around and report anything. I see
Rev. David (he/him): that seems wise,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: so i'll um
Eric Rosenbaum: firing,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): breathe letter.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): What's that? Can you breathe water?
Eric Rosenbaum: Um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Forget
what
Eric Rosenbaum: I have some kind of swimming paste. But what what you're like Not so sure. Our Tim just sort of takes out his spell book
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): like he doesn't have time for this nonsense, not being able to breathe water, and he he sort of again. He takes a few minutes to sort of mutter over his spell book. Everybody can breathe water for the next twenty four.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, awesome
Eric Rosenbaum: um! But meanwhile i'll i'll be I'll just fine if you dive off, always muttering, You don't have to wait for the water breathing, so I mean i'll i'll fly at a safe altitude above
Eric Rosenbaum: the tops of the masts of the boats
Eric Rosenbaum: like fifty to one hundred feet up or something,
Eric Rosenbaum: and just
Eric Rosenbaum: make a circle around.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I'm down in the water to see what I can see.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, go ahead and make a perception jacket.
Timothy Sackton: So um you. You see the same From From this perspective up here you can see that the the Sea Mount, where this ship is wrecked on extends. It's not very big.
Timothy Sackton: You've come to the sort of western edge of it, and it seems like it extends maybe
Timothy Sackton: four hundred feet something like that to the east.
Timothy Sackton: Uh it's sort of a a jagged semicircle in shape, and it slopes down
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: quite deep.
Timothy Sackton: You can see
Timothy Sackton: there are There are other sunken ships
Timothy Sackton: on the on the far side,
Timothy Sackton: and um
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: on the near side sort of below the wreck ship that's close to where you are, and below these four uh galleys mord at sea
Timothy Sackton: there's
Timothy Sackton: maybe
Timothy Sackton: one hundred, two hundred feet down, some kind of
Timothy Sackton: same
Timothy Sackton: greenish glow, like there's some source of light deep below the ocean that shouldn't be there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have I seen anything like that before?
Timothy Sackton: Um.
Timothy Sackton: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: yeah, there is all sorts of
Timothy Sackton: creatures that blow like You've seen
um,
Timothy Sackton: you know there's there's magical giant squid that
Timothy Sackton: that whose tentacles glow. There's there's odd things in the endless ocean, although
Timothy Sackton: this doesn't seem to be moving
Timothy Sackton: in your experience. Most weird things glowing in the depths of the ocean are
Timothy Sackton: life,
Timothy Sackton: and so would presumably be moving around. This seems to be a glow coming from something in the side of this
Timothy Sackton: this sunken island
Eric Rosenbaum: that's weird,
Eric Rosenbaum: like a light on the deck of Art
Eric Rosenbaum: little boat, and the record
Eric Rosenbaum: to the others.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Do we think this is the writers?
Rev. David (he/him): It must be right now.
Yeah,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: let's go.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Alamis stands up, puts his helmet on.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, just to be clear, our plan again is to um
Eric Rosenbaum: um skin. Discard the guts, and we're going to sell the health server. What's the
Eric Rosenbaum: assumption here?
Rev. David (he/him): I think we go check out what the glow is, and hopefully everyone's down there. They're having a lovely time. They invite us in for dinner. It's all been a big misunderstanding. We bring them home problem solved.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, i'll break the the hostages of prisoners, or whatever That's not the usual thing in my line of work they're digested by the time I I arrive.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): App
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): none of these chips here are.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Wait! I can't remember the the boat I was on.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I it made it back to
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): the boat. Didn't the boat wasn't taken right, Tim. I can't remember. No. The boat wasn't taken.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: None of you are on ships where the boat itself is taken
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: and my boat wasn't taken after I got off it.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: No, okay.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Yeah.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um. So you all dive underwater. Why not? While he was. Well, Um, Rufus, was that investigating him? I cast unseen servant again. I'm not quite sure what i'm going to do with it. But okay,
Timothy Sackton: so you swim down? Um,
Timothy Sackton: uh roughly. What uh order are you swimming in like? Who is in front? His back is in the middle.
Timothy Sackton: Are you just swimming five abreast in a nice long line.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I think shore would try and get out front,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: really showing off
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: prowess because he can breathe underwater. And now he's got a spell that lets him breathe even better. So he's very optionated right now. Yeah. And who's got so? Sh! Who has a swim speed?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I can swim at this walking speed.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: it's a it's a roof as Shawl and
Timothy Sackton: Paul Mash are
Timothy Sackton: are quite comfortable in the water, are moving
Timothy Sackton: quickly and effortlessly swimming around.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Um, How much is doing this in a full core coat of armor?
Timothy Sackton: Right?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I I mean, so is sure.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: Artem and wellbe are,
Timothy Sackton: you know, not stinking. Well, I don't know if ours have really ever a swim much before.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Not much. Well, we'll be certainly comfortable in the water. Our team does not seem
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): super comfortable. He looks like he's regretting that using magic to solve this problem work usefully.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: So as you descend
um
Timothy Sackton: at after about. I don't know a hundred feet.
Timothy Sackton: It's getting dark.
Timothy Sackton: This is quite deep,
Timothy Sackton: and the the glow is obvious, and you can see now that it's coming from what looks like the opening of a cave in the side of this sea. Mount.
Timothy Sackton: Still no sign of any creatures.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: What's the situation with talking underwater?
Timothy Sackton: Well, you can breathe water so you can talk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, You just have to
Timothy Sackton: right water breathing. Lets you
Timothy Sackton: Lets you breathe. Let you speak normally.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Okay,
Eric Rosenbaum: Um. Are there any
Eric Rosenbaum: fish or uh
Eric Rosenbaum: grabs or
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: You see a few school schools of large fish in the distance, but they seem to avoid this
Timothy Sackton: cave, like none are approaching close to the sea. Mount
Timothy Sackton: so. Um!
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): This is a cave,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: and the
Eric Rosenbaum: two hundred feet down
Timothy Sackton: like a hundred and fifty feet down, or something like that
Timothy Sackton: above it. Yeah. So the the top of the C amount comes to within about.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know fifteen, twenty feet of the surface of the ocean,
Timothy Sackton: and the ship is wrecked on that top, and then you go down a hundred and
Timothy Sackton: one hundred and twenty feet from the surface, a hundred feet down the Sea Mount. And you see this, this, this large cave. It's probably twenty-five feet in across with this sort of greenish glow coming from it
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): so can we? We can stand on the bottom
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): basically right? It's It's at the bottom of the ocean or no. Oh, no, no, It's It's up this. Ah, the cement is way up. Okay, I see. Yeah, I get it. The cema keeps going like down way way to who knows how to
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: um. You'd be lining for that cave.
Yeah,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): when we get within.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): And since Evans can't see any,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I tell you anything
Timothy Sackton: correct,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): can we see into the cave when we get closer to it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Rev. David (he/him): you know, looking in that area are there
like
Rev. David (he/him): trip wires or signals, or anything that otherwise might provide advanced notice.
Timothy Sackton: So you know once you get close enough that you can look into it. Well, the you would notice this in particular. Um,
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): let's see. Our team also has a crazy high passive investigation. If it matters
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): twenty-four. I think it's better than well.
Timothy Sackton: This is only twenty-three embarrassing by now.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: uh so you notice um
Timothy Sackton: uh well, but you would notice that. So the cave doesn't go very deep. It only goes maybe twenty-five, thirty feet and It comes to a point, and there's a large boulder um
Timothy Sackton: sort of at the back of the C Mount, and
Timothy Sackton: both art and and wellbe you would. You would notice that the boulder Looks like it
Timothy Sackton: like there's like there's almost a track where the voltage can roll along like it. It can shift back and forth.
Timothy Sackton: But you're still forty feet away, not even inside the cave yet, so you can't really see anything else at this distance.
All right,
Rev. David (he/him): Keep approaching them.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing seems to be moving at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: The cave itself is. The floor and sides of the cave are all covered with
Timothy Sackton: what looked like bleached coral
Timothy Sackton: possibly very old, almost semi-fossilized coral.
Timothy Sackton: In fact, as you get closer, and you look at it,
Timothy Sackton: This entire sea mound
Timothy Sackton: looks a little bit like some kind of massive vertical coral reef that is long dead and partially turned to stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am in chat
Eric Rosenbaum: that I
Eric Rosenbaum: poke at it with the talent.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it's!
Timothy Sackton: It feels like stone, at least at the surface of the cement. It seems like It's like it doesn't break like coral wood.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Have I seen anything like this? What I have a sense of who might be occupying this place,
Timothy Sackton: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Timothy Sackton: yeah. So
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: this specifically, you're not sure but you do know that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, what this looks like to you is
Timothy Sackton: the roots that descend from
Timothy Sackton: your home,
Timothy Sackton: from Corny, the the like roots that drop down it. This is like an island, was uprooted, and this is what's left
Rev. David (he/him): right?
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: So the top of the island broke off. And
Timothy Sackton: exactly
Timothy Sackton: so like. This kind of formation is actually
Timothy Sackton: so like where the where you live like where the Cls live. This is fairly common. In fact, you some of you. You might even make your home in one of these structures that descends from
Timothy Sackton: from
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: you.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I'll say
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: this looks a lot like home. I hope the writers are.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: See else like me.
Timothy Sackton: But it's very This is old, right like anywhere. You've been all the corals alive, like Everything's like flourishing vibrant. This is
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: very old and looks dead to your eyes. Alo Mash was like, Well, we'll find out, and he gets in a defensive position and starts walking into the cave or swim walking in.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: so the cave is only about it's about twenty, five, thirty feet wide at the mouth, and it narrows down to about a ten foot wide point where this boulder,
Timothy Sackton: since the boulder itself is maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: it's not. I mean It's It's
Timothy Sackton: not huge. It certainly could be moved by a strong person,
Timothy Sackton: and the green light is
Timothy Sackton: there's you can actually, now that palm, you would see this once you start to get closer to it. So there's light sort of faintly glowing all around the walls, but the most intense light is coming up around the bottom. Leaking up from the bottom of this boulder. The boulder itself is entirely black.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I poke it with the back of my spear.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I mean, how hard are you poking at, just to like, See if it echoes getting a rough idea of its
Eric Rosenbaum: is it?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Yeah, also kind of
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: pointing it out to everybody else that hey? There's a big boulder here.
Timothy Sackton: It sounds like, I mean it. You tap it with your spear. It sounds like stone.
Rev. David (he/him): Is there anything that looks like a mechanism? So we see the sort of track that I might roll on. Is there anything
Rev. David (he/him): that might operate it, whether it's like a button or switch that would activate magically or something mechanical.
Timothy Sackton: Make an investigation check.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I do that.
Timothy Sackton: Uh sure, you can both roll um
you
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): just I mean my investigation is quite good, but yours. You're rolled better,
Timothy Sackton: not a competition, so it looks a lot of competition. You notice a couple of things as you're both sort of looking together, are you?
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: There isn't any mechanism
Timothy Sackton: uh.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: you notice that the stony surface of the
Timothy Sackton: boulder itself is actually um
Timothy Sackton: Looks like It's actually sort of
Timothy Sackton: gray like there's actually so. It looks gray because some it looks black because something's growing all over it. Um! And there are
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: like somebody There's like hand prints people have just pushed it.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Should we move it?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I mean. Maybe it just rolls. I' i'm gonna i'm gonna have my invisible server and try and move it.
Timothy Sackton: What is the invisible servant's strength
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): undefined.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I say, step aside. Magic Man. Oh, no, sorry. It has a strength of two. The boulder pushes it. Yeah, yes,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: um! That was my trick.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Alamash walks to the front stairs at Scholen, and we oath
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: give it. Do we need a roll
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: who is pushing it?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: We're both pushing it together.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Ah! Go ahead!
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead and roll
Timothy Sackton: just a strength, strength, straight strength, check. Why, Don't, just both of you roll,
Eric Rosenbaum: and to be climbing it inward or to the side.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the track goes.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, The track is like side to side, right? So you can shift it. You're sliding away,
Timothy Sackton: So you, you you both lean in. You. You get a nice solid push, and as you like, touch it and start to push it. This like um.
Timothy Sackton: This black fungus that's growing all over it like off soft around you, and I need you both to make constitution saving for those.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, our mash,
Timothy Sackton: the fungus saddles on your skin. It begins to grow over you. Um! And you are now blind
Timothy Sackton: by the caused by the poison of the fungus
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: shit.
Timothy Sackton: But the boulder rolls out of the way, and you can see uh, I can cavern it. You can't say
Timothy Sackton: you can see a cavern below that appears to be like a natural sea cave.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, What was it
Timothy Sackton: because of it? As you can see it's
Timothy Sackton: walls lined with plant life, and and this green glow is coming from an algae that is,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: seems to be much more intense down in this case. Is it too late for me to roll my um?
Timothy Sackton: Does it save my right? No, no, I will say it's not too late.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Okay. So I just roll a D. Twenty. Just roll again. Yep.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, okay, uh, You're not actually poisoned. Oof! Good for you, but mark off a use of block. Oh, and actually, by the way, I meant to say this at the beginning of the game two two rolls tweaks
Timothy Sackton: one. I'm. Going to continue to play with the
Timothy Sackton: the play test from the next version of the and that's coming out in two years, where, If you roll a natural twenty, you get inspiration.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: You can use inspiration to give yourself advantage on anything,
Timothy Sackton: but you have to use it before the role.
Timothy Sackton: You can never have more than one,
Timothy Sackton: so don't like hold on to it, because if you're all the second twenty, then it's just wasted, so you can't get.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: You can't give it to somebody else
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: rips the fungus off of the mask before it gets through his helmet into his eyes. Yes, it's in time.
Timothy Sackton: Um. And second thing, just because
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: ah oops, where is my?
Timothy Sackton: Here we go.
Timothy Sackton: Um! Just because the
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: the cave is kind of intense, and
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: i'm trying to uh help you all out. I'm gonna play with ten minutes short rests,
Timothy Sackton: but only one short rest per hour.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you're in the cable.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: uh looking down, you see
Timothy Sackton: um this big cave,
Timothy Sackton: lined with this plant life and glowing allergy, except that the rough stone floor is dominated by this enormous stone contraption that looks like some sort of giant windmill set into the floor,
Timothy Sackton: the huge blades of it spinning slowly.
Timothy Sackton: And you see, uh,
Timothy Sackton: uh, let's
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: here, um,
Timothy Sackton: hey, hold on!
Timothy Sackton: You see, in this, down in this,
Timothy Sackton: in this cave there are
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: three like
Timothy Sackton: humans
Timothy Sackton: riding giant sharks,
Timothy Sackton: and they seem to be well. It seems like the noise of this boulder moving has interrupted some sort of joust or game they were playing, and they're all sort of turning now to swim and look up and and see what might be happening.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: And I love shark jousting, though, so like, save me one of those sharks guys.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: you're all like
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: above
Timothy Sackton: looking down at the entrance to this um
Timothy Sackton: from above, and the shark jousters have not. Uh
Timothy Sackton: they haven't
Timothy Sackton: come up yet, but you probably only have moments before
Timothy Sackton: they do seem to all be human
Timothy Sackton: humans.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: on these sharks, although they seem they're clearly breathing water,
Timothy Sackton: and there,
Timothy Sackton: sort of glassy-eyed and
Timothy Sackton: kind of moving almost.
Timothy Sackton: Uh
Timothy Sackton: it it's hard to describe exactly, but they are very
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: expressionless I guess would be the word
Rev. David (he/him): like sharp testing. They should be like being boisterous and laughing Right? It's almost like they're just going about the motions. I don't know if this is relevant in, but we can see all three levels on the map.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, can you see all the monsters on all the levels down below?
Timothy Sackton: Well, don't look,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): but you normally have darkness and play on these kinds of maps. Is it not working on this map? I thought I did have darkness and play?
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I was only zoomed in on the shark jousters so it'll be a surprise for me.
Okay,
Timothy Sackton: for us that you can zoom in on the shark gestures, too.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, let me. Uh,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Oh, so, Tim. By the way, I cast Major Armor when we started this.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): here we go. That might that. Now we're all
Timothy Sackton: yeah. This is why I turned it off because I don't want to have to like turn on vision for you all.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): It's fine. We won't walk. You can turn it back. Don't fudge with it too much.
Timothy Sackton: There, Guy.
Timothy Sackton: Um. So what are you doing?
Timothy Sackton: Everybody
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um,
Timothy Sackton: Can you see now?
Oh, yeah,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): no, it's all black.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I got that.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Wait. We have two fighters and a Ranger.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Yeah, yeah,
Rev. David (he/him): they look dazed or charmed, or something.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): They do look charmed.
Rev. David (he/him): Can anyone do anything about that,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I can. I pull my glove out?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I don't actually Dods supporting that plan of action.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): It would be good to know what is
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): charming them
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: that's got to be on the next level of the map.
Rev. David (he/him): I mean. It would be good not to kill the hostages.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Are these hostages?
Rev. David (he/him): We don't know that they aren't.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Well, then, let's just swim by them.
Rev. David (he/him): Can we get down through the fan?
Timothy Sackton: The fan is on the bot. It's spinning slowly. You're up, You're twenty feet up.
Timothy Sackton: It's like the cavern itself. The ceiling is thirty feet above the floor, so you're currently at the ceiling.
Timothy Sackton: Spinning Fan is at the floor.
Timothy Sackton: It looks like It's like circulating water or something, and then the shark justters are now moving.
Timothy Sackton: Um! One is starting to move to look
Timothy Sackton: up,
Timothy Sackton: and it's coming sort of up this way
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: swims back and
Timothy Sackton: doesn't say anything
Timothy Sackton: but this one now moves over, and you can see now that There's a lever in this wall,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: this person slides on the back of his shark and
Timothy Sackton: pushes the lever and the
Timothy Sackton: ah! The
Timothy Sackton: fan begins to spin faster and faster and faster, and water begins to be drawn through it
Timothy Sackton: like you can feel. You can now feel the whole of the water starting as it's pulling down from pulling from inside everywhere in the cave, down through the turbine, so it's sucking water down, not pushing water up,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: sucking water down.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um!
Timothy Sackton: How they seem to be moving on their sharks to position themselves.
Rev. David (he/him): Um! Is that water flow Going to pull the boulder back in place?
Timothy Sackton: It might. It might also pull you into the blades.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Uh, so we're like twenty feet up.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): You're now thirty. The largest ceiling is thirty feet. Okay, and we can't. I don't quit. We came in
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): past the boulder we were like.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): This is just the Where is the boulder?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): That's what I don't totally understand the your the boulder was.
Timothy Sackton: It's protecting a hole in the floor. And now this square here,
Timothy Sackton: there's a hole in the ceiling here. Okay. So we swam down through a whole. Are we appearing down through a whole? You Haven't entered this room. Oh, okay, There's a hole in the ceiling right here,
Timothy Sackton: and you are on the roof of the floor above,
Timothy Sackton: looking down into this glowing room.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Okay,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): um.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): So
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): uh, And this is whole place is fill of water right
Timothy Sackton: completely full of water
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): um,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): and they don't seem.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Oh,
how far is that?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): It's a little far
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): This They switch the lever. And what is the What is this guy doing now.
Timothy Sackton: Now he's swimming back. It looks like they are.
Timothy Sackton: They're now drifted up so they're now about twenty five feet
Timothy Sackton: above, and they're sort of moving in this direction
Timothy Sackton: on their sharks, looking like they are
Timothy Sackton: possibly
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: moving towards to investigate the whole.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Okay, uh, when hold on, let me just look
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): sorry. I know you said the afternoon.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I'm going to get big
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: um. Can you make me?
Timothy Sackton: How long does that last for
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: one minute?
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: that's going to cost you ten feet of movement to fit through the hole. Now that you're big,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: just keep that in mind. Oh, maybe i'll drop down. I'll drop down as I grow.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: In that case, as you enter the room uh, everybody will initiative.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I was gonna say we might want to like, Think about what That's okay.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: He's. He's young,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): terrible role.
Timothy Sackton: Uh:
Timothy Sackton: okay. So as you. Um,
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: uh, okay, whoops? Whereas I'm: sorry. Let me get everybody's goals here.
Timothy Sackton: Part time. Is
Timothy Sackton: nine
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: sure was eight.
Timothy Sackton: Well, B is twenty, two
Timothy Sackton: um, and
Timothy Sackton: Eric is
Timothy Sackton: be sterling his router. Eric, are you there?
Somebody will A. D. Twenty and add four.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I don't use my role.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I heard a bunch of other roles. Take one of those.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So as I, as you begin
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Ah, moving through the through the chamber.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, well be. You can act first.
Rev. David (he/him): Um
Rev. David (he/him): remind me. Range weapons, bows, underwater, disadvantage regular.
Timothy Sackton: The Ah Bose,
Timothy Sackton: have it unless you have a crossbow.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Rev. David (he/him): you have disadvantage, and you automatically miss, if it's beyond your if it's your long lineage cool, cool Is this shark actually five feet from an ally.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Rev. David (he/him): like. Are we worrying about three dimensions?
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: with So I I have too many windows. Open. Um. Well, you guys haven't moved to the whole yet. So
Timothy Sackton: you're all still on the from the ceiling of the
Timothy Sackton: father. But other room Um, I guess I guess. Uh
Timothy Sackton: initiative was triggered by shoal dropping through and growing big. So we'll say shoals on the other side,
Timothy Sackton: right at the top of the
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: ah, yeah, he is not.
Timothy Sackton: The shark is not
Timothy Sackton: well. This shark, I guess, actually would have moved a little bit. So this one here is in
Timothy Sackton: is in range
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: in Ranger that is next to shoal,
Timothy Sackton: but but the four of you are still outside are still up on top right? So
Timothy Sackton: so your positions aren't adjacent to everybody. But shoal is not adjacent to anybody, because you're in another room. Do I have a line? So you go to the short next social.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you got it not from here. You got to go into the room.
Rev. David (he/him): Uh, all right. Um, I will uh
Rev. David (he/him): go into the room and
Rev. David (he/him): uh let's see i'll just move
Rev. David (he/him): um next to the shark.
Rev. David (he/him): Kind of put myself under someone else, and I will attempt to stab it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, this shark, this shark here.
Rev. David (he/him): Ah, yes,
Timothy Sackton: okay, Um,
Timothy Sackton: go ahead, make your
Rev. David (he/him): right, and shortsword does not have disadvantage underwater.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Rev. David (he/him): yes, shorts, or does not have disadvantage all right, so I don't have advantage. But I still get sneak tech,
Rev. David (he/him): and you're attacking the shark, the shark.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, okay, Um.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Oh, sorry. I don't know what I just did
Timothy Sackton: uh ten misses. Yeah
Rev. David (he/him): uh cool.
Timothy Sackton: I guess that ends your turn.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, actually, no, i'll um. How much movement did I use to get down there?
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Rev. David (he/him): Was that ten or more.
Timothy Sackton: I think it's about ten, All right. I'll use my cunning action to disengage and back up ten feet.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Rev. David (he/him): awesome. I'm done. Thanks.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So next up is Almash,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: so Amesh will swim down, and
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: maybe I can move them,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: and we'll move that
Timothy Sackton: after all masks uh
Timothy Sackton: It's going to be Rufus eventually.
Okay.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: So I will move down to where we have recently vacated.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Then I will use my frost beer
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: so that ah, twenty, six hits. Yup:
Timothy Sackton: Okay, thirteen for that first, and then I will
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: stab again because I have my bonus action,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: right? I can tack twice.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Yep. Are you attacking the shark or the guy. Oh, the shark.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: So then i'll ask
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: stabs once pulls back and stabs again.
Timothy Sackton: Ah Thirteen is going to just hit the shark.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Oh, bigger these tracks
Timothy Sackton: they're They're pretty big about ten feet across. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: Anything else you want to do?
Nope:
Timothy Sackton: Okay. The person on the shark is going to attack now.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, these are all
Timothy Sackton: spear and shield wielders, and they all have light crossbows slung on their backs.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: And he is going to take his spear and
Timothy Sackton: make three stabbing attacks at
Timothy Sackton: um at you.
Timothy Sackton: So that's going to be uh fifteen, which misses
Timothy Sackton: a eleven which misses,
Timothy Sackton: and uh sixteen, which I think also misses, and he looks back. He looks frustrated.
Timothy Sackton: This one here is going to ah
Timothy Sackton: on his mount swing over
Timothy Sackton: there,
Timothy Sackton: which is where weby is right.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that is going to take.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Does he pass within five feet of me in that movement?
Timothy Sackton: Uh,
Timothy Sackton: I mean he's he's within five feet of you. He Hasn't, passed within five feet of you. He's staying,
Timothy Sackton: is
Timothy Sackton: He's ten feet from you. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: the whole time
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): where, as wellby did, well be finished. Robbie is underneath, Rufus.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, okay, uh first attack of the sixteen with the spear.
Timothy Sackton: Second is a
Timothy Sackton: twelve men. So it's bad rules
Rev. David (he/him): at a nineteen. That's a it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, okay, um!
Timothy Sackton: And that's going to be ten points of piercing damage
Rev. David (he/him): awesome.
Rev. David (he/him): I'll use my reaction to move away
Rev. David (he/him): Half my move. I assume that's half my underwater move.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, So that would be ten.
Rev. David (he/him): Ah,
Rev. David (he/him): so I will.
Rev. David (he/him): What am I backing up into the corner five feet? Okay, this one is going to
Timothy Sackton: go
Timothy Sackton: go here and close in on um.
Timothy Sackton: Can't really get around the big guy.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: what sharks have forty feet of movement.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Um, yeah, he is going to go
Timothy Sackton: go down
Timothy Sackton: underneath,
Timothy Sackton: then come back up just beneath the
Timothy Sackton: just beneath the hole.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: where is where as well? I will be there. Okay? Well, he will then uh
Timothy Sackton: attack the
Timothy Sackton: uh, the giant uh
Timothy Sackton: giant creature over here
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: before he gets into range. Can I try and prevent it with the clave.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: well, my reaches, my reach is extended five feet with it right
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: so with Sept and all I can
hit him before you can hit me
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: or no. Yes, yes, we can. Yeah, or I can try to.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: So so that uses your reaction.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: My reaction is gone,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: but i'm at twenty of
Timothy Sackton: like an inspiration,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: and you're attacking him. You're attacking him by the the shark, I guess, because well I get because I can stop his movement. If I hit. So whatever is moving.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, the shark is moving. Not him. Yeah. Um.
Timothy Sackton: So that's
Timothy Sackton: and there's this shark is looking pretty badly wounded as this you stab with the glave and the burst of lightning, so it's now ten feet below you,
Timothy Sackton: the shark having been stopped, the
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: the um!
Timothy Sackton: The rider is going to whip out his crossbone by our two bolts up at you.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to be a
Timothy Sackton: a thirteen
No,
Timothy Sackton: and they're rolling terribly, and a thirteen. So those both mess so that ends their their turn. Rufus, you're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: I fire my long ago underwater.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you can, but it's at disadvantage, and it
Timothy Sackton: uh automatically misses if you're outside of the long range.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: okay, so the distance between me and the spinning blades as if we stone
Eric Rosenbaum: turbine
Timothy Sackton: right now. It's about forty feet or forty-five to equal
Eric Rosenbaum: um, and if I use my
Eric Rosenbaum: ring arrow,
Eric Rosenbaum: it does say that the arrow lands at the point chosen no attack when necessary. So does that override any sort of an integer disintegration? Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. So i'll use two of my
Eric Rosenbaum: charges in my magical hunting quiver to fire a luring arrow
Eric Rosenbaum: uh
Eric Rosenbaum: making it attractive to
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that's interesting
Eric Rosenbaum: beasts to all beasts. Or do I have to say sharks?
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: it's
Timothy Sackton: it can be whenever you choose. It could be obvious or it could just be sharks. It's up to you
Eric Rosenbaum: how to say all these,
Timothy Sackton: I added chaos that that could create,
Eric Rosenbaum: and I'm going to aim it at
Eric Rosenbaum: one of the the of the spinning blades so like
Eric Rosenbaum: there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
And
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): we should coordinate what we're going to do next time. Just a little bit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. All the sharks will have to swim to that
Timothy Sackton: again. A saving throw. The failure saves
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): it's like i'll switch up my spell
Eric Rosenbaum: um
Timothy Sackton: while you first. You're going to have to swim in to the dive down into the
Timothy Sackton: into the room so you can aim your arrow,
Eric Rosenbaum: and it's about.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's about forty-five feet away. So
Timothy Sackton: ah! But that's within the within the short range of your bow So you don't have disadvantage. Okay, till I do that.
Timothy Sackton: Hey, guys?
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: that means that. What did I? I just wrote this this morning.
Timothy Sackton: It's a wisdom saving throw. Yep. So all the sharks need to all wisdom saving throw. But it doesn't affect them until they are turned because it's using their movement.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that's one success, one failure and
Timothy Sackton: one two successive one. Failure finally got the
Timothy Sackton: and
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): but it is now their turn. Oh, no, it's. I don't forget. I still get to go. Oh, sorry, Tim, My bonus action
i'm going to use.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that can make me briefly invisible. What's it called? Nature's available.
Eric Rosenbaum: Got it. Where do I mark off the charges for the quiver?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, did I not give it charges?
Timothy Sackton: No, if you go to your items and you click on it you can click to charge as well.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): What are you doing? Um! I can't even try to figure out If I could position for a good White and Bill, because this is too confusing to me. So i'm not going to be all there. It's like, Is there a Well, okay? Is there a place where I could. It looks to me like
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): they're not stacked very well for lightning bolt.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you could probably get two sharks, but you'd have to swim
Timothy Sackton: down and then align yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, no, I don't. I don't want to do that. I'm going to cast that conductivity of the medium matter in these queues.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I'm: going to right basically that. Can you see the circle?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Yeah, there.
Timothy Sackton: So you're going to have to swim into the room, though, to do that
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I can just stick my head down. And now why,
Timothy Sackton: okay, I guess where you're putting it here. You could just stick your head down. I mean fine if I have to take three feet at five feet of movement to I'm basically sticking my head through the hole in casting chatter. Okay, Got it? Um.
Timothy Sackton: So that's gonna hit two sharks. And um Here, let me just launch the one that failed it, save and two people. Okay, uh. So this one is that one is lured
Timothy Sackton: Uh,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): It's a Con safe. Dc: Seventeen Con: safe. Yeah.
Okay,
Timothy Sackton: fell
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: fail for the sharks
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: fail, And
Timothy Sackton: for the humans nineteen damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): anybody who fails
Timothy Sackton: succeed half this shark, this chart here
Timothy Sackton: uh the one that was hit by the
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: hit by
Timothy Sackton: by show. Yeah
Timothy Sackton: guys
Timothy Sackton: from that shatter and just down to the ground.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you're up,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: sweet! Um! So the guy there that tried to shoot at me. He's close enough to hit, or I need to move a little closer. It's right next to you.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Okay, yeah, I will just try and um mess up this day.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: So with my
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: glave again
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: that misses. That's a miss. I got two attacks,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: that is, that's a hit, and
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: so I get to
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: how do these dice roll. I get to re-roll ones and twos on my attacks for
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: for two-handed weapon, fighting or whatever.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): D and d beyond doesn't automatically, it does. Okay, yeah, yeah, twenty ten role re-roll, two or less,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: plus four, and then and then I have a one d eight, because i'm big it just gets added onto that
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: right? So
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: that okay total for this turn.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, big flashy
Timothy Sackton: with the big blade. Okay, this shark shakes off its rider and swims down to hover above these spinning blades.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: this shark
Timothy Sackton: Ah, let's see, smells blood in the water
Timothy Sackton: from well be
Timothy Sackton: and moves there
Timothy Sackton: and take the bite out of wellbeing.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Where is we at
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: while we is underneath our dummy. So I believe I can use my shield twelveies within five feet of me.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Yeah, I can use fighting style, protection
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: that gives disadvantage.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: okay, that that cancels the sharks blood frenzy. So he does not have
Timothy Sackton: advantage Attacking Well be. But it
Timothy Sackton: ah still manages to hit with the straight wall,
Timothy Sackton: which is going to be eight points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, and that ends the sharks turn.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that brings us to Wellby's turn.
Rev. David (he/him): I am going to take steady aim and stab the shark. That just
Rev. David (he/him): just count me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: So advantage
Timothy Sackton: Got it
Rev. David (he/him): awesome.
Rev. David (he/him): And uh
oops,
Rev. David (he/him): What is that? Oh, uh, plus another um
Rev. David (he/him): two
Rev. David (he/him): plus another d six plus
Timothy Sackton: the four. So if you just click on where it says vicious shorts in the role twenty, it should roll it for you.
Timothy Sackton: Another ten
Rev. David (he/him): sweet.
Timothy Sackton: I'm confused by that. But it doesn't matter. Okay. This shark has badly wounded.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that ends your turn.
Timothy Sackton: I'm asked you up,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: so I will attack the guy that's directly in front of me.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: So I have two damage rules. I have a oned six plus five and a oned eight plus five. What's the one day? Six. That weed eight is if you're not using a shield.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Okay?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Oh, you're using a spear.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Yeah, Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, sixteen. Ah, just hits.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Uh: okay. So that's
Timothy Sackton: twelve.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: And then I want to use. So can I do attack attack bonus action?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Okay, so I attack again.
Timothy Sackton: Twenty-seven hits
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: nine damage,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: and then I will do disarming attack,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: using
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: No, you don't roll five, the ten you want. Wendy ten. Oh, I just click the button. That's what it did. So let me do that again.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: One manually, just for all Wendy ten. You add that to damage,
Timothy Sackton: and it needs to make a strength saving throw
Timothy Sackton: uh, so one additional damage,
Timothy Sackton: and it is pretty good at strength.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, natural twenty! It holds on to its spear. He holds on to his spear.
Timothy Sackton: Anything else?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: That's it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? Um. The
Timothy Sackton: sailors now like are sort of looking at each other.
Timothy Sackton: This one slides forward across its
Timothy Sackton: across its
Timothy Sackton: shark. I don't know why that took me so I could think of. I was going to stab at.
Timothy Sackton: Well be
Timothy Sackton: that misses
Timothy Sackton: eighteen. What's your is he?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I'm muted Dave.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, Sorry. That's a hit. Ac seventeen.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Can I do my shielding again because he's still in the same location
Timothy Sackton: uh it uses your It uses your reaction. Right?
Timothy Sackton: Um. That's fifteen points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Rev. David (he/him): this one well hold on to. Why, why can't Chinese shield?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Yeah, Hasn't: Have you had a turn since you did last time?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Yeah, I just have my turn. I just
Timothy Sackton: yeah, Then you can. Okay, wow, you gotta. You gotta use it because it it gives disadvantage on the role. Right?
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah. Oh, before
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: the he attacked three times he hit one so you can't just like, say, Oh, God, I got it So he's going to have disadvantage on the on the miss I mean on the head right. He could have had disadvantage of the mess. Okay, So in the future I'd have to say upfront, i'm doing that, and then it'll just be the first one.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I I think That's how I work. I mean, What does the ability say?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Um! When wielding a shield in a creature you can see A. T,
Timothy Sackton: and you can see, attack a target other than you than five feet. You can use your Yeah. So so it would be on the first. Usually it would just be on the first attack. Got it? Okay, so I didn't, which was already a miss. So it would be sort of a waste to use it. But in general you should say, before somebody attacks, and it gives disadvantage for the first attack.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Got it? Um!
Timothy Sackton: This one,
Timothy Sackton: This one's kind of trapped here with you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: uh he's gonna he's gonna slide this way and attack the big creature.
Timothy Sackton: Um! That's a
Timothy Sackton: twenty-three
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: i'm hit
Timothy Sackton: a twenty-three,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): twenty three.
Timothy Sackton: So that's a total of
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: Who is doing all this damage?
Timothy Sackton: Wow! That's a total of thirty six damage
Timothy Sackton: this guy right here
Eric Rosenbaum: you go,
Timothy Sackton: and then the last one here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: slide forward there, um, and attack wellbe.
Timothy Sackton: Now you can both disadvantage if you want to. I
jump my shield out.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I think the first role as disadvantage, which
Timothy Sackton: natural twenty and a seven. So that's a Miss
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: and that's a twenty, two,
Timothy Sackton: and that's a
Timothy Sackton: twenty-two,
Timothy Sackton: so that's another thirteen and
Timothy Sackton: eight points to well be.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I'll use my sentinel attack uh, because a creature within five feet of me was it? I believe we're as well be easy under the bird. Well, i'll be it ten feet away from you. Oh, no! Underneath our um. Hold on! Is it a creature five feet a tax, or is it a creature. If I see it, let me double. I don't know It's your ability.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Yeah, I just scrolled up to the attack role. Now I've I've lost place of it. Uh, I don't know. But it yeah, it makes an attack against the target. So you can use your reaction to attack Yup.
Sweet
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: bats. Okay, So it takes uh eight, eight. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: it's both of these, both the
Timothy Sackton: both of the two near well be are looking somewhat wounded at this point.
Timothy Sackton: Um, this one, this guy over here Hasn't been as damaged as much.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, Rufus, you're up.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody is surrounding you,
Eric Rosenbaum: but I have up until now been invisible for the duration. Yeah. Now, it's at the end of your turn. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you say? Exactly
Eric Rosenbaum: until the start of your next turn is maybe. Okay. So now you're no longer invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just can I make the bonus action just take effect. I guess it doesn't really matter.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wanted to do it again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anyways, i'm going to stab a shark.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now the shark's been attacking
Timothy Sackton: they've inviting people. Well, one of them died before I could do anything. One of them was drawn away by the doer
Timothy Sackton: right. The other one has a tax. Yes,
Eric Rosenbaum: so there's this guy to my left with. There are two dudes and a shark,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): three guy shark, two two dudes, a lady in a shark.
Timothy Sackton: They all look sort of like sailors, basically but they're
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: blassy-eyed and sort of moving, moving actually in a coordinated fashion, like they're not talking to each other, but they're clearly in control trading there,
Timothy Sackton: concentrating their attacks on trying to, you know. Concentrate on a few targets and things like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. I'm going to make two repair attacks on the shark near me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Eric Rosenbaum: and i'll use.
Eric Rosenbaum: Our favorite foe takes effect when I
Eric Rosenbaum: hit right. So i'll just attack once and then
Timothy Sackton: that is twenty-five.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not rule daily.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that kills that shark.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, didn't you and I have to use favorite phone. Okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: And then I have another with your attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll take the guy to my left
Eric Rosenbaum: that misses okay
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Rev. David (he/him): and
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): all right,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I'm up.
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): These two guys potential How badly hurt are these two folks
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: this? This guy here is by far the most badly hurt the woman, and this this one don't it's so. Not that badly we're dead.
Timothy Sackton: This one is bloodied, though,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): and how much damage do we do like twenty? Something we haven't done a ton of damage, right? We've mostly been hurting the sharks.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Oh, no, he They both got hit by the shatter. Yep.
Rev. David (he/him): Do you like to spell magic or something or my potential? I was just thinking about that.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): But I don't. Hmm. I was thinking about that. I just am worried. That.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Hmm.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): It It feels um
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): like we
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): have taken a fair. But I mean these guys are beating us up a bit. Not badly, but enough that it feels like we might want to
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): take them down a bit more before we dispel something. I think i'm going to save, to spell for a different turn
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): and go with.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Does anybody have a
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): a saving throw effect that they want to try against one of these people.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Nothing. Anybody have anything that would need a save Now,
Timothy Sackton: Marshall? Yes, I know some of the battlemaster maneuvers have saved.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Does he disarm? Have to say, No, no. Yeah, yeah. He yeah, disarm has a safe. He succeeded on the stage.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Which which guy is. Is that this guy right here?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Yeah, I tried to disarm him and didn't, but I I can try that again my next. Yeah,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): um, i'm just I i'm gonna cast chill touch. I sorry mine sliver on him. Them
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Okay, uh intelligence saving throw
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): he takes six points of damage, and he has a minus four on his next save
Timothy Sackton: okay,
Timothy Sackton: Shaw,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: the uh
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: the guy on my right, the good-looking one. He He hit me a lot right.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Yeah, yeah, we're not going to stand for that.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: So I I turn after whack, and the guy in the backwards hat
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: and start gleaming this other dude.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Ah, twenty-seven for the first that hath wait. You're You're going after this guy, the one who is mine slivered. Yeah.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Oh, is that a problem? What's the mice liver, do you? No, I just. We were setting up
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): a disarm on him because he'll have a minus on his next save, and we may don't go Kill him, kill somebody else all right. I'll. I'll go backwards, he because I just hit them before. Yeah, go the ones who are hurting wellbe. We want to disarm the minds liver, guy, and then two attacks on both of those had.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: um, i'll put it. Yes, sixteen. This guy has worked looking quite badly wounded now.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Not that eighteen, one d eight, so isn't there
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: uh sixteen, twenty, that's thirty. Three points of damage thirty, three points of damage Doesn't kill them.
Timothy Sackton: Now
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: the good news is I forgot that I get a bonus action attack to you. So i'm gonna do that. Um, And i'm gonna do this at a minus five penalty for great weapon mastery. So take five off of the role here.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, that's that's that's that's that's that's that's. And then you just like
Timothy Sackton: this massive to whack. Ah, with your glave to the side of his head, and he looks shaken and quite badly wounded, but not quite dead.
Timothy Sackton: That's all I got. Sharks uh well, me you're up. Shark is still hanging out there like chopping at this arrow, like trying to get into like swimming around in circles around the earth, trying to get in his mouth and like can, and just confuse.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's how we do it.
Rev. David (he/him): Ah, we'll take uh,
Rev. David (he/him): Ah,
Rev. David (he/him): man! So there's not a way to get sneak tech on that shark right?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I'd leave the shark alone. Kill the guy standing right next to you.
Timothy Sackton: There is not really a way to get sneak attack on the shark.
Rev. David (he/him): All right, studying when the guy is standing right next to me. Then. Okay, I mean, if you're a sneak attacking, you might do the one who doesn't have five hit points
Rev. David (he/him): uh right.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm sorry I'm having trouble seeing who's in My!
Rev. David (he/him): Is there someone I can get to without moving.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: It is the longest one is
Timothy Sackton: this one is wounded. The man is wounded. The woman is pretty full health
Rev. David (he/him): all right. I'll.
Timothy Sackton: The tactics are always take out a bad guy instead of letting him. Yeah, no, you probably should take him out because he's in turn is coming up.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, yeah, and i'm only down to nineteen hit points. So i'll uh, I'll take out the injured one.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, eighteen. Yeah, that hits
awesome
the way
Timothy Sackton: you got it. Yeah, that that kills the second. Yeah, Yeah. Good.
Timothy Sackton: So as you strike your your blade into him,
Timothy Sackton: he you see this cellar like ah
slip and sort of fall unconscious, and then like,
Timothy Sackton: drift down to the bottom of the ground and start like offing and choking and
Timothy Sackton: drowning while he is unconscious.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: It's a hard way to go.
Timothy Sackton: I don't feel good about that
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: our Well, be it if you want to use the boat. Oh, no, you use steady, and so you're stuck.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: So this guy's this guy's down at the bottom. I'll put him over here out of the way, so Alan Mash, can I? So the disarm is part of an attack. So I roll an attack, and then I roll my superior. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: So
oops
Eric Rosenbaum: that misses.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: So then I roll again for my second attack.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah
Timothy Sackton: bad hats.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: So then come on. I can't.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Stupid virtual dice was right in front of my button, and he had to click.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, So that's fourteen damage, and he has to roll a strength saving throw against her disarm.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, do I roll my superiority diet for the disars you roll that and add it to damage. Yeah, and it's a minus four to it. Save my! So the spear comes clattering out of his hand as you you get him with your spear, and you knock his spear. It just starts Well, he's up in the water, so it drops to the
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): drops to the ground. She gets sucked into the thing wouldn't it.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah, yes, it gets sucked into the blades.
Timothy Sackton: So he has now disarmed. He has got his crossbow.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! And looking
Timothy Sackton: somewhat uncertain as to what to do. Are you doing anything else? Let me.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I want to look at one more thing with two seconds here we
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: would there be any utility in trying to scare him with the menacing. Oh, wait! I can't do that. So i'm done no more bonus actions for me.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yes, Okay, this one is going to swing it. Well be.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Oh, I put my shield in front of Wellby.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Um,
Timothy Sackton: that was a twenty four. But with disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: It's a
Timothy Sackton: eleven, so that misses
but
Timothy Sackton: ah, and then a sixteen, which misses,
Timothy Sackton: and twenty five, which does head
Rev. David (he/him): well be you take thirteen points of damage. I'm down to my last six. This is very exciting.
Timothy Sackton: You can always on Candy Dodge.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's a thing I forgot that I have. I will be uncanny, dodging that one six points instead of thirteen points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: This one takes out his crossbow and is just going to
Timothy Sackton: ah shoot with
Timothy Sackton: Yes,
Timothy Sackton: through cover at Wellby.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: two attacks a disadvantage
Timothy Sackton: that is a ten that misses.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: that is a
Timothy Sackton: fifteen that Misses
Rev. David (he/him): Rufus. You're up.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I'm sorry. Where is, will be relative to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that's good, because I can cast a cure when I reach out and grab Belby's leg, or whatever, and cast cure wounds
Eric Rosenbaum: for ten. Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: so I the heel.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: pardon you're out, Ben Shal.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): It doesn't quite feel like using big spells. But maybe I should.
Timothy Sackton: This one who's been stabbing wellby to death is barely wounded. This one is now kind of useless, because
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): um
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): sorry folks um.
Timothy Sackton: So your next
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): it seems silly to do a lightning bolt on one person.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): They should. Anyway, I would do something
Eric Rosenbaum: so seriously underwater. Use lining volts.
Eric Rosenbaum: What could possibly happen?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Wow! We've been having lightning. The his glaze is like sparking lightning every time you hit with it right. Clearly nothing bad has happened. Um, not to us, anyway.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Just doesn't feel like a
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): good Can I get the
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): is there? There's not really anywhere I could go. Yeah, because i'd have to hitchh big
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): big shoal, right? So
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um, Okay, Um,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): i'm paralyzed with indecision.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I I'm: just yeah, I take the dodge action.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Now. Well, I can always cast a can trip. I'm: gonna i'm gonna do that. Well, that just has a can trip.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): nine damage
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): that she can't regain hit points until the start of my next. Okay. So you're up
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: all right. This guy beside him. He's disheartened, but he still got a crossbow, and he's still firing so time to get back for all those wax
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: seventeen
Timothy Sackton: that hits
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: and a twenty-seven that has, and my d eight,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: and we'll try the minus five pool arm bonus action again. If we get lucky that well hit twelve doesn't. Do it right. Twelve does not have. Okay, He's looking pretty badly wounded at this point, too. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: okay. Sharks are still staring at the lure. Well, me, you're up.
Rev. David (he/him): I'll take city aim and attack the one left next to me.
Our God
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): not run away. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Nineteen hits
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): awesome. Let's not kill the disarmed guy if we can avoid it.
Timothy Sackton: That's twenty one damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that ends your turn. I'm ash You're up
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: um just quick context. When you said, we're going to have a short short rest. What does that mean? I'm. Just as i'm thinking about my ten minute short rest, so we can more plausibly. Conceivably, if you have ten free minutes you can take a short rest.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I'm going to move over to be directly in front of her.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Okay, and i'm going to attack
Timothy Sackton: twenty-five hits,
and then I attack again
Timothy Sackton: that messes.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: And then let me look here
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: and just because i'm upset with her. I'm just going to use my shield, Master shoves because I can, and chubber against the wall.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I just want to do it, so
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I take my shield and push her into the wall.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Um.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Glad he has turned. She is going to.
Timothy Sackton: So we get well. They
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: shield
Timothy Sackton: first attack with disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: Good, calm, natural. Twenty
Timothy Sackton: and a
Timothy Sackton: seventeen. What's your Ac.
Rev. David (he/him): Seventeen?
Timothy Sackton: Okay. It's. It's not a credit, though,
Timothy Sackton: That's something.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that is nine points of damage. Awesome. Still standing with four. I'm doing good. Next to all is a natural twenty. I'm going to do something on that one.
Timothy Sackton: Uh So what can I do here? That is
Timothy Sackton: twelve points of damage.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Yeah, we'll be down. Well, what can you do anything?
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Oh, I've got a uh runic shield one another creature. You can see within sixty feet of you is hit by an attack row. You can use the reaction to force the attacker to re-roll the twenty and use the new rule
Timothy Sackton: Perfect? Oh, okay, Well, then, awesome. The natural twenty turns into a
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Timothy Sackton: sixteen, so twenty, three to head, but not a natural twenty,
Timothy Sackton: so it's only.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: what was that
Timothy Sackton: point of damage? And while we now begin drifting
Timothy Sackton: down to the ground
Um!
And let me just see something here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! And she will then turn and attack
Timothy Sackton: Rufus
Timothy Sackton: their last spear, which is going to be a
Timothy Sackton: eighteen to hit.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, that is, that's a fourth attack for her.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no, she has. She has three attacks. You have to re-roll one attack. She turned the natural twenty into a
Rev. David (he/him): something she had a hit in a miss before them all right,
Rev. David (he/him): because the first was a hit with an on candy dodge. The second was a miss, and the third was the twentieth, and you run for a tax for You're right sorry I got confused that she doesn't have another attack.
Timothy Sackton: Um, Wellbe is still drifting down to the ground now, and as he starts drifting down so can I. Can I send the unseen servant to grab him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Ah, sure! What's the unseen servant's strength to, but it's he's floating in the water. He doesn't even mean our guy. It will be very small.
Timothy Sackton: He He drifts within the range of the whirling blades and begins to get sucked in this direction. Can I send the I mean I don't think it's totally reasonable that well-be moves
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): on somebody else's turn right like My! I want to send the unseen servant to get him while he's still right there,
Timothy Sackton: or that I move farther by drifting than I can by intentionally swim. Yeah, none of that means no. You definitely don't move further by drifting than intent to something it won't be till the start of your next turn that you're pulled into the spinning blades of death. So very good on my turn. He's he should still be right here right now. It's Rufus's turn. Yes,
Eric Rosenbaum: um I can. I reach him to do another?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Don't cure him yet? No, I wouldn't you were him.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): He needs to be out of. If you cure him. Then they just pound him again.
Timothy Sackton: Well, why are they so mad like? Yeah, I don't know why they're so I have they. They have good tactics. They are. Focus firing on one creature to get it out of the battle
Eric Rosenbaum: There I can,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I think, if you can prevent. Well, I'll be from going in lakes, and you want it to heal them up. That seems reasonable to me.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Well, I can just. I think I can pull them out
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): on my turn which is coming up.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I don't know if you could hear. I mean you can heal him if that makes.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): If that works
Eric Rosenbaum: just you know
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm a guy
Eric Rosenbaum: that fights monsters, You know
Eric Rosenbaum: people. It's awkward.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think people is awkward,
Eric Rosenbaum: probably use. Uh, I guess, a third Level to your wounds doesn't matter.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: It depends on how much you want to cure him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well to to just to get him
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): conscious again, like any amount of healing will do that. Any amount of healing will get it Conscious? Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, yeah, I'll just use a third level slot.
Um:
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's twelve.
Rev. David (he/him): Awesome.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Okay? I'm: you're out.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): It's correct.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): She's going down
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): that didn't come out. I was supposed to. I cast lightning both on there One target. So what? Where are you? So okay? Where are you.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Oh, I guess you can cast lightning vaults, taking your head to the whole stuff. Yeah, Why not?
Timothy Sackton: Okay, uh? So that's a deck, save
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): that's the worst possible role. But
Rev. David (he/him): maybe she's not going down.
Timothy Sackton: No, that's not the worst possible, though that's not the worst possible Two, one's very, very about orange, so she fails. Yes, so she takes twenty.
Timothy Sackton: She is badly heard, but she is not unconscious.
Timothy Sackton: Shawl. You're up
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: all right. I still got a guy on me that would hit me if I went over there. I will keep attacking.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: There's fifteen h about that, misses Mrs. Regular old second attack that has. I'll put eight on that
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: or the d eight. So four more. Yeah,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: you still up
Timothy Sackton: still up, badly wounded.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I will do the regular bonus action not minus five. It doesn't matter.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Um,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: anyway. Is this the one that's right by you? Yeah, the disarm the guy we want to keep him alive. Yes, don't kill him. He's badly wounded. Let's stop fighting him. Yeah, kill the other person
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): you just hopefully We could take her out this turn, and then i'd like to.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Yeah. Well, I'm: Yeah, i'm out of stuff.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Cosmic revenge.
Rev. David (he/him): I
Rev. David (he/him): I don't think well we can stop himself from stabbing this person. Yeah, regardless asking you to the right. Tactics are
Timothy Sackton: fifteen misses.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, no,
Rev. David (he/him): uh sorry. Well, me, we can stop himself from stabbing this person.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, mash it's all up to you.
Rev. David (he/him): Did you kill her quick, or else she's going to knock me back down again.
That's true.
Timothy Sackton: How much
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: um so, if I use Commander Strike, I could give well be another chance to get his revenge.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Yes, you could, and I still have my attack, so I can go attack. I can do well be, and it will be a chance, and then, if what we miss is I can do my two attacks. Well, hold up there. I I would not get
Rev. David (he/him): you, would.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Yes, you would, and you would, because there's an ally with you wouldn't have advantage. But there's an ally within five feet, so you get sneak attack. So I look at um. I look at. Wellbe it's like, Do another strike adder.
Timothy Sackton: That costs your reaction. So you couldn't use on Candy Dodge.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Uh, That's okay. I'd probably drop anyways if I got hit. Okay, So then I just start wailing on her.
Timothy Sackton: So a straight role for well-being
Timothy Sackton: about twenty five hits.
Timothy Sackton: I understand. What does that do? Not? Twelve. That's pretty good. And then I go again.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no! Because you have to use one of your attacks to use the hand and strike. Oh, wait! Who's next on my turn? Does she have another chance to attack?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Okay. So i'm going to use my um
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: where the fuck, is it? My, You can try and disarm her.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I'm going to use my
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: and then i'm going to attack her again
Timothy Sackton: two more times
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: She is going to die.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that hits
Timothy Sackton: okay. She's badly wounded. When I
Timothy Sackton: one more attack
Timothy Sackton: that it
Timothy Sackton: she goes down.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Okay, Can we
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): grab This other guy is totally dead now,
Timothy Sackton: and she has drifting to the ground. Now also I was starting to
Timothy Sackton: choke and die.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, this guy is going to disengage
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: and move back doesn't matter. I still get an opportunity against them.
Timothy Sackton: That's not enough to knock him down, anyway.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, very close, but not enough.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: he's going to retreat to there, and that will end his turn. How much move through this?
Timothy Sackton: I think that was eight
Timothy Sackton: for you
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): that get swimsted.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so this person to my left here is dead, so there's just the one
an enemy remaining,
Timothy Sackton: and the
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): the shark. We might kill the shark
Eric Rosenbaum: or talk to the shark.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is. Is there an exit from this room? Aside from the one that we have
through,
Timothy Sackton: I mean, there is another room beneath the blades.
Timothy Sackton: You can see there's something I mean, the water is clearly flowing down into the spinning blades.
Eric Rosenbaum: But where is that other dude fleeing to? Then it's weird.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Well, let's find out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay,
and
Eric Rosenbaum: but we're trying to to kill him.
But somebody's going to restrain them.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I mean, we could. Yeah, we could,
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I mean doing something with the shark might be useful just so that it's not in our way.
Timothy Sackton: Let's give it a moment now.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): But yeah,
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know why my Internet keeps grabbing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now you can skip my turn if you want.
Timothy Sackton: Now we can hear you. You can still do something. We can hear you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I'll just try to hit him with My,
Timothy Sackton: but oh, is that even in range? What's the range? Yeah, that's in range. You have disadvantage, but it's definitely a range.
And then I get to attacks
Timothy Sackton: that messes,
Eric Rosenbaum: and again
Timothy Sackton: that hits. But you got to roll with this advantage.
Timothy Sackton: Now you seem to be present. I was really in there. Yeah, I think that's what you said.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, after all. Again
Timothy Sackton: arrow from long distance.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): This is going to kill him, though it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. But the whole idea was not to kill it. Yeah. Well, you can't do non-lethal damage with a bow.
Rev. David (he/him): Can we like grab them and give them?
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: eight does not actually kill him.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Well, yes, just badly wounded. I mean, we could run after him. Yeah, I think I think we should kill the shark and then run after. Yeah,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Good. The star can just bum rush on. Yeah,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): like if he's running away. I just charge him.
Timothy Sackton: What are you doing, Our Jim?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I mean, do we have to play this out?
Timothy Sackton: I just want to know where you're going.
Timothy Sackton: We don't have to play it out directly. Now.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um!
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): The plan is to
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I mean all I don't know. I can't trip the shark. When is the
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): get killed? A shark and then surround this guy.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Okay, See what he's doing and go after.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so you you enter the room now and sort of head in this direction.
Timothy Sackton: Shark, shark guys um!
Timothy Sackton: What do you do it. What is? What is everybody else doing here?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I assume we all should um swim towards him, and just he's unarmed. He's He' be dead. We just I need. Well be an artem to make strength saving for us.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I am going to, by the way,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): not going to succeed on a string saving through
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): um,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I am, was going to say i'm going to cast
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): a series of shape waters to freeze the top of the
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): of the whirling blades.
Timothy Sackton: How do you do that? Ice floats?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I guess ice does float, but if you put the ice directly, I guess it would crack up to the point where it wasn't very switch for the blades.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Yeah, I mean, I can send my unseen servant to go turn the switch off. Yeah, but let's not do that in case the guy tries to skate down through it.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Yeah, wow! You told you you might have to grab me, so I don't go flying into the plate. Wow! I mean, the first thing that happens is you go flying into the blades,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): and I cast a bonus action spell
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yes, not before you take
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): uh twenty-eight points of slashing damage. Okay, What? No? Tell me? Well, okay, there's no point in me casting this d staff. If I'm already inside the blades.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: That's one way to stop the plates is you don't know that body twenty-eight damage per Second, How do you get? I don't have enough move to get from here to the blades
Timothy Sackton: right. It seems you are within thirty feet of the blade that you don't have a swim speed and you get pulled into them.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): It seems unrealistic that you wouldn't be able to get out. But whatever
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): you mean this doesn't, I can't get thirty feet away from the Blades, And this Is that right?
Timothy Sackton: You? So you get sucked in you. The blades
Timothy Sackton: like slash on your body and stop, and you are restrained.
Rev. David (he/him): Uh-huh! Good work,
Timothy Sackton: and the blades are now stuck.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I just say, Oh, there's just a switch to stop it over there. You didn't.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: You didn't have to get in, though
Timothy Sackton: I mean if you are moving in this direction, he's shooting crossbow bones at you
Timothy Sackton: like he's not retreating. He's backing up to get room to like fire, so
Timothy Sackton: are we still the process of doing turns, or has this turned into a free? For I mean It's kind of I've kind of lost the lost control a little bit. Um. But yes, we should probably still be an initiative order.
Okay,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Do we want to spend all night on this one fight?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Do you want to kill the I mean? You can easily just kill the guy I mean.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I just don't see the value in playing it out like this. We're just not going to get anywhere.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Can we just say we hunt them down like? Do we really have to know whether we take five extra hit points while we hunt them down or not, Does it actually matter? We do. We want to fill in them? Now I think we want to try and capture it
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: because we can. Yeah, we want to inspect the magic. How about this? Can me and shoal as fighters with high strength and armor, start walking towards him and subdue him together. You have enough move. You can go. Yes, you can go. Knock him out.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I don't. I don't stay large forever, so I would want to to get there, and I get advantage on strength when i'm big.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, he's easy to. I mean, he's badly wounded, and there's just one of him. His spear has been destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: Barton is now trapped in the blades which I
Timothy Sackton: brown to a halt.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: he's retreated back, and is like, you know, pinging you with arrows. But yes, I it doesn't matter if he takes, if you take an extra five points of damage. That's fine. Um!
Timothy Sackton: But he is not He doesn't Surrender! He doesn't stop fighting. He is just shooting until you knock him unconscious,
Timothy Sackton: and as soon as he falls unconscious, he starts
Timothy Sackton: he starts choking and drowning.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I thought we walked in there, and we had the impression they were under some form of incantation.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Yes, we did, and then, so I thought the plan will, but I guess we can't, because you're now knocked out. The plan was to knock him out or dispel, and then try to talk with them.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: But since our wizard is currently knocked out, we can't do No, i'm fine. Well, i'm not fine. It's just. He's just restrained. It just traps this. Can I send the unseen servant to turn off the damn switch? Yes, it's a great idea.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Do you turn it up or off there and then we can. I climb out of Yeah, Yeah. Once it's off, you can get out of that. Okay? And can we restrain this guy without knocking him unconscious.
Timothy Sackton: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, You've got two strong fighters. There's definitely stronger than him. You can restrain them.
Timothy Sackton: If you don't want to knock unconscious, you can you can grab him and and knock his crossbow, or anything like The idea was to try and talk to him and see if he responded to words. Right?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Yeah, let's let's crash, not me, and so walk over where you know the things hit or shield small damage or reflect off.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: We get there with minimal damage, and then we're each holding him down.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: and i'm
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: anybody have charisma spells or other.
Rev. David (he/him): Uh, let's see. Is there anything like on him like. Maybe there's some physical object or token or item that's controlling him.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Yeah, I mean, like searches. Yeah, that's a good idea. There's um.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see what's on him. I mean he's wearing sailors gear um sailors clothes. They look kind of tattered a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: there's like. Ah, his eyes are sort of glassy and and non, and out of focus there is
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: He doesn't have any like
Timothy Sackton: he has this. Well, he doesn't have any weapons anymore. You've taken his crossbow ways. Um! He
Timothy Sackton: ah
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): oh!
And it
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): you can say so. He's,
Timothy Sackton: you know. There's not a lot of
Timothy Sackton: there's not a he doesn't have like any. He doesn't have anything in his pockets. He doesn't have any. There's no like marks on him, or like he's not, you know there's not like a chain around his neck or anything.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: you know he is. He seems, uh
Timothy Sackton: basically non-responsive at this point almost like he's been switched off
Timothy Sackton: it just kind of
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): so like,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I mean,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): does this seem like a spell?
Timothy Sackton: Ah make a icon of Jack?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean
Timothy Sackton: It's not.
It's.
Timothy Sackton: It seems like a powerful enchantment to you.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Hmm. Could we knock him out, revive him and give him breathing spell? Because basically, what happened last time is they lose their magic. Once we knock him out, and they drown,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: So do you have your water breathing spell on you?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um!
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I can only cast it, I mean it's not prepared, so I have to cast it as a ritual,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): which
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): is
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): presumably if I If we
Rev. David (he/him): timed it right, I mean it takes ten minutes. You could take them back up to the surface.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): No, no, no, but I mean it takes sorry. No, it doesn't take. I mean, we could take the ten minutes and then knock them out, and then cast the spell. We do our short rest.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: What can we do that like? We take our short rest when he prepares to spell. Did we knock him out,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: revive him, give him water breathing, and see if he responds, or do we just kill him?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I would. I mean we could do that if we're playing and doing a short rest. Anyway. That's not a bad idea. It's just now that I took half my hit points and damage. I need to take a short rest, too, unless you guys have a lot of healing.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Well,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I plot my dad somebody should have healing Persians, I mean I have a healing push. I guess I could use my healing potion.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you could do that if you wanted to. You could take your take a short rest and
Timothy Sackton: ritual cast during the short rest, and then knock them out right at the end. I I would say not. Everybody can take a show of rest because somebody's got to restrain him. You can't keep them restrained while you're short resting.
Hmm.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Who at least needs a short rest.
Rev. David (he/him): I desperately need one.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I need to reset some of my superior. My dice.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Are you good
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: didn't? Take any damage at all? As far as I can see,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I need to restrain someone with my special net.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I can. I need to rest a little bit,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: so let's just strain them with the magic net. Take a little rest.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Artem takes a potions, a potion.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so do your short rest. Roll your head, dice and stuff
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: after you you time it, so that
Timothy Sackton: when the ritual is nearly complete,
Timothy Sackton: somebody just wax them on the head to knock them unconscious,
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: you hear him like start to choke
Timothy Sackton: and cough
Timothy Sackton: and begin to drown, and then the ritual is completed,
Timothy Sackton: and then no sound, and his eyes let her open and he looks around.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Does he?
Huh?
Rev. David (he/him): Excellent.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): You're a
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Ah,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: you're about one hundred and fifty feet beneath the water.
Timothy Sackton: My my memories are scattered. Um,
Timothy Sackton: what day is that?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I I assume we tell him whatever the day is
Timothy Sackton: ten days. I
Timothy Sackton: you can't really remember. It's
Timothy Sackton: just
Timothy Sackton: fascism,
Timothy Sackton: Something down there
Timothy Sackton: tentacles.
Timothy Sackton: He starts to like, look scared and like, look around
Timothy Sackton: Where?
Timothy Sackton: What?
Timothy Sackton: What's happening?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Did you see who attacked your ship?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I
Timothy Sackton: It's coming back to me now. There were.
Timothy Sackton: There were people
Timothy Sackton: slam underwater. We were
Timothy Sackton: traders I would have met you
Timothy Sackton: kidnapped me. I was below Dox with,
Timothy Sackton: and he looks around with my companions, who
Rev. David (he/him): he sees their bodies lying dead on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: They they brought us here down
Timothy Sackton: below.
Timothy Sackton: There was
Timothy Sackton: a creature there. It spoke in my mind, and
Timothy Sackton: reached one of its tentacles out, and
Timothy Sackton: I went black for a moment, and
Timothy Sackton: it was big, like a
Timothy Sackton: like a squid, but huge, and with
Timothy Sackton: mouth full of teeth and
Timothy Sackton: rose and rows of eyes he like shutters. Is that anything that I've heard of?
Timothy Sackton: Um, make our comment check?
Timothy Sackton: This is your professional specialty.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah, Make a nature check for Rufus.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, actually, you're bad at all.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Oh, my God, that's That's how often is that really happened.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean, I would say no, that between the two, I mean. Yes, even though you rolled terribly. Uh,
Timothy Sackton: this is like your Rufus's specialty.
Timothy Sackton: You've heard rumors of creatures of like aberrations from the far realm that
Timothy Sackton: enslaved their victims, and while they are enslaved,
Timothy Sackton: can command them and make them
Timothy Sackton: raise the water and fight for them.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, such things have not been.
Timothy Sackton: You've not seen one before. There's not been rumors of them here, but there's just ancient tails
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: and an artem You've
Timothy Sackton: I mean You've
Timothy Sackton: you know something of
Timothy Sackton: aberrations.
Timothy Sackton: You know you you. You've also heard that there are
Timothy Sackton: supposedly ancient creatures with with memories stretching back before the beginning of time,
Timothy Sackton: who once ruled the seas,
Timothy Sackton: and who
Timothy Sackton: ah!
Where?
Timothy Sackton: You know the The rumor. As they were gone they were driven out. They they
Timothy Sackton: sent back to whatever demented dimension they came from. But
Timothy Sackton: perhaps that's not true.
Timothy Sackton: But but yes, the the
Timothy Sackton: the story, the sort of thing you've heard as well is that they
Timothy Sackton: can enslave creatures with their minds
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: fucking, hate monsters.
Rev. David (he/him): Mhm
Eric Rosenbaum: um, Tim, just a mechanical thing. My protection from good and evil, which is,
Eric Rosenbaum: uh, has a bunch of categories of creatures that include this thing.
Timothy Sackton: Five does it list aberrations as one of the categories?
Eric Rosenbaum: It sure does.
Timothy Sackton: And yes, it does.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I use that on. I cast it on myself.
Timothy Sackton: It's range of touch. You can cast it on anybody. It's concentration, so you can only cast it on one person,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: and then you're invincible.
Um!
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Creatures of those types had a disadvantage of the attack. When we, when we get to the point that we're planning our attack on this thing we should consider,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): you know. For example, somebody would like to be invisible for the whole combat.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): You could do that. You don't lose it when you attack. It's greater, and visibility
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): might be handy for sneak attacks or something else. I mean, it sucks my concentration slot. But, like we have lots of things we could do.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): We just need to plan a tiny bat.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Yeah, and we're not going to fight any wizards, are we, Tim? All my counterspelling was not necessary,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): well prepared. Nobody can successfully cast spells against us But,
Eric Rosenbaum: um
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: we, if we encounter more possessed people, Will we try to save them, or are they collateral.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): It is challenging to save them,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I mean, unless we retreat, and we
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I change spouse
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): uh right. I can't cast
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): breathe water
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): except
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): after a ten minute ritual. So
Rev. David (he/him): um
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): we have to subdue them and take ten. I mean, it takes time right.
Rev. David (he/him): We don't have any any spells that would just like. Remove all the water or turn it to air, or
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): now
Rev. David (he/him): create
Rev. David (he/him): air somehow.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I mean again, if we, if we, if we were treated, it took a long rest.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Uh, and I changed up all my spells. I do have spells in my spell book. That would be helpful,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): but
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I don't think we have the luxury of doing that.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Well, this clatter of this collateral
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah,
um.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I mean
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): how long ago this guy was taken ten days ago.
Timothy Sackton: Yes,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): um,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I mean, I think the best thing to do is probably send him.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Send him. Tell him to swim out right. Go wait on our ship.
Rev. David (he/him): What up, though? Isn't this guy like a tenth level fetter or something? Can we heal them and put them to use?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Is he? I mean, we could ask him.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): He might only be like he might be. Imagine he might have been magically empowered by the
Rev. David (he/him): creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? Right? Yeah, did it?
Rev. David (he/him): How did you learn how to fight like that.
Timothy Sackton: I'm going
Timothy Sackton: ships and bending off pirates all my life,
Timothy Sackton: and
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I have a skill that can answer this question specifically.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I have no your enemy One minute. If you spend at least women observing another creature outside of combat, you can learn everything about capacities, strength, dexterity, constitution, armor, class, current Hb. Total levels, spider class, all that stuff.
Timothy Sackton: So I said, I size this guy up as a yeah um a soldier. So he's he's like Cr: five. So you know approximately half your strength.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Eric Rosenbaum: He's
Timothy Sackton: strong
Timothy Sackton: ah! Equivalent strength and constitution to you.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: not as
Timothy Sackton: not quite as scaled overall
Timothy Sackton: currently at like, you know two hit. Points.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, what else do you learn?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Strength, dexterity, constitution, armor, class, Hp: total class levels, spider-class levels, if any. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So Dax is
Timothy Sackton: Texas fifteen strength, eighteen con, sixteen, Cr. Five.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: total hip points, one hundred and twelve, her and hit points two,
Timothy Sackton: but no no class levels,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: and our short rest didn't count for him.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: he could. You could roll some hit dice. You'd have to convince him to fight.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Okay, and also kill all of his friends going forward. If they're enchanted down below,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I mean, let's ask him, what does he want to do? Right like we're going after the thing that enslaved it.
Timothy Sackton: I mean he's terrified. He wants to run.
Timothy Sackton: He's not like he's not super willing to go fight. He's like great if you want to.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): You know what we could do.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Oh, you know what
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Crabby might make a return, Mr. Giant Crab.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Could Paul more from into a giant crab and send them to fight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Uh, you know, there's actually one crucial storage or in flow with this plan, which is that my character happened today.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Oh, we could find a different creature to to to call. I mean, I only have one concentration effect at a time, right? So if i'm going to use it on polymorph him into a into a pretty chair. Then I can't also make somebody invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: What Rufus's expertise, should you think include?
Eric Rosenbaum: Given a particular
Eric Rosenbaum: monster?
Eric Rosenbaum: What monster do you want to be to fight it
Eric Rosenbaum: like you could just make him a negative shark or something. Yeah, he could just be a giant shark.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: What if we just polymorph, the big massive boss, and do a chicken, and it drowns. Well, we can tie that, too. I mean it gets a safe.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I don't know how good. It's wisdom save is
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): right like It's got to be a fifty fifty shot at least.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Little anticlimactic to just one shot, the bad guy, but you know it's not good, I mean I don't know it should've had legendary resistances or something, because once it dies as a chicken, it just turns back into it. That's a good point, but you could palm more of it into like a piece of coral, and then
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): bring it with us right.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): No; but then, once it's above water, it's probably less dangerous. Right? That would be what you'd have to do
Eric Rosenbaum: into into Nemo, and then, just for the rest of the time, so it well, it only lasts an hour, which tentacles and teeth, and much wise
Eric Rosenbaum: is it true that will be
Timothy Sackton: parts like ten, fifteen feet long?
Rev. David (he/him): What can we do to break
Rev. David (he/him): the hold that this thing has over the other people who surely are are down below.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: How do you even get down below. You have to go through the lights. We just so the switch. And then just I certainly get a swim. It's time because it it moves very slowly. I mean
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I could turn them into a giant jar
Eric Rosenbaum: after we go through the we want to make a stab at convincing them to come with us and add a giant track to our ranks.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): One hundred and twenty-six sit points.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Does decent damage
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I don't know I think he gets to decide right. Yeah, no, I'm not going to palm more from without his agreement.
Timothy Sackton: So a few other things that you um
Timothy Sackton: uh that you learn from talking with him, and just kind of observing him, especially those of you who have extremely high investigation and perception. Um,
Timothy Sackton: ah!
Timothy Sackton: So so one is that um!
Timothy Sackton: One thing that he does say is that the
Timothy Sackton: the further you are away from
Timothy Sackton: that?
Timothy Sackton: Well, he says that the that you know he could, when he started to breathe underwater
Timothy Sackton: like there was. It was just Um!
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: it is very easy and well,
Timothy Sackton: the further he is away from the
Timothy Sackton: by,
Timothy Sackton: the master
Timothy Sackton: um, the more concentration. It takes
Timothy Sackton: um, he says. He remembers now that when he first um
Timothy Sackton: when he first encountered the thing, he was surrounded by this
Timothy Sackton: cloud of mucus and that,
Timothy Sackton: breathing
Timothy Sackton: like he was, he was shoved into it, and somehow breathing this mucus kept him alive under water until he could breathe.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Was it a black, and I described the mucus that almost blinded me that i'm well acquainted with.
Timothy Sackton: He says, Oh, no, that's a
Timothy Sackton: that's different.
Timothy Sackton: The point is the point i'm trying to make is that the closer to the beast people might be able to breathe more underwater.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I look at the person
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: you can help. We do not have the time to spend too much time trying to save your colleagues.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: You can come with us, and you can dedicate your opportunities to saving them. If possible. We'll be knocking them out,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: or you can swim up like a coward.
Timothy Sackton: My friends are dead.
Timothy Sackton: There was more guards below, but
Timothy Sackton: there, weren't, for my ship
Timothy Sackton: looks over it surely says there's a few of your kind.
Timothy Sackton: They're kind. He looks over at Rufus.
Timothy Sackton: They're chained up against the wall. I don't think they've been
Timothy Sackton: enslaved yet,
Eric Rosenbaum: but they're alive.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: How much put this helmet on? It sounds like when you're a
Rev. David (he/him): onward, then
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: there are, and downward,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: if there are C Els below
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: um, they shouldn't drown once we knock them.
I don't think.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Is that right, Tim?
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: So
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: if anyone has something that can stabilize them. They they may be from my village, or
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: at least
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: at least they are my people. It would be good to save them.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will try. My home wanted. Most hunting is
not our damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's those messy oscillations.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: We have a mission to do so. Let's go.
Rev. David (he/him): Let's move.
Timothy Sackton: So you are going to go through the now non-spinning blades.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Did we send the invisible?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): We can talk or see, but we could send it I want to go. Um, No, David, let me go, find a fish and be sense it, and send it to head and see what's below.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I didn't I Greater invisibility is a combat spell. I could. It only lasts a minute. It's
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): it's aim, but it's
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): the tax. Don't cause it to here, so it's quite powerful combat.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Uh so
Timothy Sackton: Uh, you see, I all all just during the short rest you You went out. You got a fish from the cave. There is fish around
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So You see, when you look below, there is a another chamber.
Timothy Sackton: Um, this one, This one is just about the same size, but there's a
Timothy Sackton: like a metal
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: porthole basically that can turn to open in the floor.
Timothy Sackton: There is a massive shark like way, bigger than the ones here kind of swimming around,
Timothy Sackton: and there's three sailors that look
Timothy Sackton: not very skilled with arms uh kind of
Timothy Sackton: loitering about. Every now and then you'll see like a tentacle, reach up from the
Timothy Sackton: a hole in the floor. Kind of wave around in this, like mucus floats off from the tentacle, and the sailors will sort of breathe it in, and you can see that there's like slime kind of coating their cheeks and around their face.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Against one wall there are two Kennedy
Timothy Sackton: that are
Timothy Sackton: but like chained to the wall by coral growths that have grown around their wrists.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: They also have this sort of slime on their
Timothy Sackton: around their faces one looks
Timothy Sackton: um unconscious.
Timothy Sackton: The other looks like they've been beaten but on, but are still like sort of maintaining consciousness,
Timothy Sackton: and then you'll see another ten to call reach up, and more slime will sort of drift out from it.
Rev. David (he/him): Awesome. I want to send the fish down through the tentacle hole. Let's see what's on the bottom will.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: You catch a brief glimpse of
Timothy Sackton: this large of three things. You catch a brief glimpse of one, as you three see three seals standing around
Timothy Sackton: um two. You see this massive like forty foot across, like giant amber crystal, with just one large eyes staring out from it,
Timothy Sackton: and three you see a somewhat smaller than that, maybe ten or fifteen feet across, like ten to cold creature like described, with like three rows of three eyes, a mouthful of huge teeth
Timothy Sackton: like about twelve tentacles waving around, and then
Timothy Sackton: Tentacle grabs you,
Timothy Sackton: and you are eating
Eric Rosenbaum: nice if what's inside of it?
Rev. David (he/him): That's the I've never been killed. Well doing a B sense before. That's no you like snap back to well, being like
Rev. David (he/him): that's got a bit unpleasant. That sounds pleasant. Well, i'll relay all that to my notes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it a giant gamble?
Eric Rosenbaum: I in it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: giant gem, like massively clark jam, with one huge eye kind of looking out.
Timothy Sackton: The I is nearly the same size as this tentacle creature.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): And how big was the tent of the creature like about fifteen feet?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Hmm.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Represent something that's like trapped inside of
Eric Rosenbaum: possibly. Still,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: it's like a lightning strike,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: absolutely.
Timothy Sackton: And my
Eric Rosenbaum: the Camber is conducted. Actually,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: can we take a quick break real quick? I got it.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Yeah, very close. Yeah,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Can you do multiple maneuvers in one turn, or you get one maneuver per turn?
Timothy Sackton: I don't like there any reason why you can't do multiple.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: And I got my cluster account back. Apparently I haven't checked it yet, but I actually found all those files I was looking for,
Timothy Sackton: because that was like harassing me about it or harassing everybody about deleting stuff, because Harvard's tragic for storage now. So I copied it. I copied a few things over to the informatics space in case
Timothy Sackton: Got puts all your old stuff on tape or something like that. It's on tape right now. Okay?
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Well, that's good to hear. Thanks for backing me up,
Timothy Sackton: although we're running out of space now, too, so I don't know how long I can keep them. But
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: well in the next
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: month or so i'm hoping to start putting them up on Um, sra, and whatever else so right that makes sense.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Yeah,
it's time.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: This is my first male, a character, and it's very fun
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: like
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: having high a scene being able to like hit. Things. Things are just be Yeah, You guys really got a focus fire, though.
Timothy Sackton: Take one thing out that move on to the next Don't. Have everybody attacked their own target?
Timothy Sackton: Concentrate firepower on enemy one, then enemy, two, then enemy three,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: like they were trying to do to us
Timothy Sackton: exactly like they succeeded in doing to us Exactly. Well, they only to make comment go faster, because, as you take things out, things snowball in your favor,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): right?
Rev. David (he/him): Can we see the share?
Timothy Sackton: Can you? What
Rev. David (he/him): can we see through the fan blades to the shark like, How can we just stay up here and pepper this thing with distance weapons? Well, I was swimming around right so What else is um down there with the shark?
Timothy Sackton: Three sailors that are kind of standing around. But don't look nearly so tough as the ones that you already fought. You actually recognize them.
Rev. David (he/him): I was at the gala.
Timothy Sackton: There are the three sailors that were captured from your ship along with your stuff,
Timothy Sackton: and then there's the two ken two that seem like they're chained up and not
Timothy Sackton: right enslaved. And then there's the tentacles that'll shoot up, and occasionally
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): well, these clouds of mucus can we see from the tentacles down to? Can we see through the hole into the tentacles,
Timothy Sackton: The the the holes that the tentacles come through are like
Timothy Sackton: are like
Timothy Sackton: that. They're like I need to cross.
Timothy Sackton: There's a big door. This big thing is like fifteen feet of this thing right here like fifteen feet across, but it has to be unscrewed and opened
Rev. David (he/him): right.
Timothy Sackton: If you were looking straight through one. Which, by the way,
Timothy Sackton: both Ah!
Timothy Sackton: Since you're probably not going to think of it. Well be your magic.
Timothy Sackton: The foe is just a boister, and you could string that on a crossbow if you wanted to.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh,
Rev. David (he/him): and consider that all right. Yeah, I'll totally do that for for for what reason?
Timothy Sackton: No. Just so that you don't have disadvantage on all your attacks.
Timothy Sackton: You could do the same thing with your your magic is just a quiver. It just makes errors,
Eric Rosenbaum: and there's no reason you can't just fight them across that.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Just take them off these two
Eric Rosenbaum: dead folks. Exactly. I take a grass one.
Timothy Sackton: You're supposed to figure that out on your own, but I wasn't going to wait around for you to do that.
Rev. David (he/him): It will be much more difficult if you have constant disadvantage on stuff totally. I would not have assumed that a bus stream could have strongly crossed, but I appreciate it.
Timothy Sackton: So what's your plan?
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: It looks like we're killing another shark.
Rev. David (he/him): Right?
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Yeah,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): All right. Do these sailors seem like um bad guys. They're all cursy thing Eat right?
Timothy Sackton: They're a cursey thing you they have like mucus coming around their face so they can probably breathe.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Do we want to kill them?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you know them. You were on a ship with them from? Yeah, I don't three weeks. You want to kill them.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: It's always collateral.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): No, I said, no, that's okay. I I was thinking about making the shark go crazy and kill them. But that doesn't seem you
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): and we just have a crazy shark we have to, but it would be if we want, if they were sailors who it was important to kill having the carts cart, the shark, kill the sailors and then kill the shark would make the battle a lot easier.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): But I don't love the idea of the shark killings folks, but maybe it's the right thing to do,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: and then it goes and eats the
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): well. It doesn't so the the spell
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): doesn't
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): make them.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): It's like all creatures that can see as enemies until the spell it so maybe it would go eat the can queue as well.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I mean they look delicious.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I don't really want to. Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: I mean, these are the case that wellby is looking for right? Yeah,
Rev. David (he/him): yeah,
Rev. David (he/him): it's really really important for me that those kink who survive.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that's interesting.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, um!
Rev. David (he/him): Let's see. Do we have line of sight to any people through the fan?
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: A:
Timothy Sackton: yeah,
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's thirty feet away through the water. The water is a little bit murky because of this clouds of mucus.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm thinking specifically about telepathy with the K. You, though?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you have uh
Timothy Sackton: the Kenko. You do not have line of sight to from the
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): um,
Timothy Sackton: because they're not. They're They're behind this,
Timothy Sackton: if you can see on the map, there is this
Timothy Sackton: head of coral,
Timothy Sackton: how that's like a rock, the kink or behind that
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): um,
Timothy Sackton: and one of them is unconscious based on your fish site.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um! Oh, sorry! Go ahead. I was gonna say um. How?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): How far from like the edge of the fan to the ken
Timothy Sackton: the fan is of is above this
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Don't care
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): like forty feet, maybe thirty-five feet.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I mean do we want to bring them a message.
Rev. David (he/him): I think they'll be good. The other thing I was thinking is, what if we try and separate it? What if we try and get those three people on the next level to come up to this one,
Rev. David (he/him): and then we don't have to deal with the shark while we're like knocking them out or neutralizing them,
Rev. David (he/him): maybe like through telepathy or calling to them, or trying to persuade them up to come up through the fam to our level.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean while the fan is the fan
Timothy Sackton: was very noisy. Your impression is that the people below,
Timothy Sackton: like didn't hear the battle like it was like they heard instead of you know the sounds of fighting
Timothy Sackton: at some point they'll probably go, you know. Be curious about like why,
Timothy Sackton: and if they're all being controlled by the same creature it's, you know. Who knows what the creature is playing?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: The sharp two bit to go through the stationary blades.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it appears to be Yes,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: is that we? Could we jump down, pick them up and then
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: grab the
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: captured bird people and some them back up in time. Just go real quick.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: The worst. The shark is one attack on us.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I could block the shark from moving if I if I hit it.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I mean
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): to somebody who is really good at swimming. Want to just be invisible?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I have in it. I have swim walking speed. I
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: me, too,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: and
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Tim, can I ask something about the sharks from the previous room. And this shark
Yeah,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: with my blessing of the sea, I have
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: aquatic animals are. I have an extraordinary affinity to me, and I can communicate simple ideas to beasts.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: And yeah,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: do they also seem, in my experience with these sorts of animals that they are? They are under a trance of some kind as well or could I try talking to this shark?
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: It's not clear whether they are under
Timothy Sackton: trance in your experience. I'd say, Rolla
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Timothy Sackton: I don't know roll of
Timothy Sackton: with um
Timothy Sackton: for a wisdom check.
Timothy Sackton: Do you have insight or animal handling, or nature?
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Um, do I? I have nature.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. But you can roll wisdom, nature. So roll wisdom plus four. Roll, roll out just for a presumption check. It'll be the same thing.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Are these people moving.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Sorry. Finish your
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: I mean. Giant tracks are not necessarily
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: friendly,
Timothy Sackton: but these seem to be acting
Timothy Sackton: like in an unusually coordinated manner,
Timothy Sackton: right they were Normally, it would not be so easy for them to act in such a coordinated manner with their mouths.
Timothy Sackton: And the one down here is definitely moving like it's now actually circling around, and it's become as come right up underneath the
Timothy Sackton: Fan Blaine, and is starting to like
Timothy Sackton: drift up almost like It's looking for you. It's definitely not acting in a completely.
Timothy Sackton: They're moving around a bit. Yeah.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um, okay, Hold on. I just um. Let's see.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): For my
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): so I mean, our goal is to free the can queue right?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): So i'm gonna try. I mean, can we like,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): can we? I assume we can get line of sight into the shark pretty easily.
Timothy Sackton: It's currently like swimming up towards the
Timothy Sackton: uh towards the
Timothy Sackton: stopped blades.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Can we start the bell that's going to be annoying. That'll kill me. Um
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): can, I mean, but we can. We can
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): target it.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I have line of site through the fan blades to it. Right
Timothy Sackton: castle spell with the blade stopped. You can see that. Okay. So my suggestion is to
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): cast
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): start
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): taking. Let's attack it
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): right. But my plan was to cast hypnotic pattern which
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): charms that anybody who sees it,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): which I think I can get all four of them,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): and then we can just go get the K. They. They're incapacitated
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): until we hurt them.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: No, that works so we can
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): run down, Grab them up and then beat the share of them. Now the only thing I wasn't sure about is whether to take a potshot with
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): with
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): minds liver at the shark first, so that it has a disadvantage on it. So it has a penalty on it, save but I don't know if it's worth it
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): all right. That's one too big.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I also might not be able to get all of them depending on how they move. Well, if you get the ones at least on the far, the right side, if if if only one's able to move. It probably Won't Catch us in time.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Yeah, or It' be minimal damage to us.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Yeah, because that I can. Only that I can.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): This is one square, too big. So it's actually I just I can't, really. I can make it
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um!
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): It's Well, that's what we're gonna. I let's do it.
Hmm!
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Time to go.
Timothy Sackton: Alright,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I will. Uh, I'll swim either like
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: just ahead or just behind, and if they get close to me,
Timothy Sackton: then I can have that shot to potentially reduce. Why, don't you? Why don't you put yourselves where you are? And then, as the shark is moving forward, i'm going to roll Initiative.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um! I can't move that hypnotic pattern
Timothy Sackton: now.
Timothy Sackton: But you're not casting hypnotic pattern yet. I'm just saying,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Put your characters where they are sure and then role initiative. But okay,
Timothy Sackton: But I mean, we are not surprised, not surprising anybody. The shark is now like drifting up and looking through the
Timothy Sackton: staring through the Um.
Timothy Sackton: Thanks
Timothy Sackton: the grades.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: go ahead.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, well, being Rufus Eric is dealing with baby
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: somebody. Wallet D twenty.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: um. So you all move towards.
Timothy Sackton: I'll move towards this top, and you can see.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: you can see now the shark
Timothy Sackton: again, like sort of spiraling up and starting to look. But, Rufus,
Timothy Sackton: we'll come back to Rufus.
Timothy Sackton: Um.
Timothy Sackton: So our Jim your first
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): um i'll cast a pattern
Timothy Sackton: uh okay,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): uh what is the seventeen Dc: Seventeen wisdom save
Timothy Sackton: No. But what is the
Timothy Sackton: sorry? Let me just look at the spell.
Timothy Sackton: Thirty-foot cube.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Yeah, it's that right there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that'll basically fill the space Um, because It's thirty feet from top to bottom. Okay,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I mean it doesn't last.
You can write
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): once the spell.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, let's see wisdom. Okay. So one sailor
Timothy Sackton: fails.
Timothy Sackton: Second sailor fails.
Timothy Sackton: Shark!
Timothy Sackton: Do you get all of the
Timothy Sackton: sorry one of the sailors succeeds? The shark fails.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): It's anybody who can see it is that or anybody anybody inside the cube.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: So it's not going to affect this one here. Correct. I can't quite get. I mean it.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Yeah, they're not quite. There's not quite a spot where I could
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): get it. These they're just too far apart. I can't. I can't like it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that's
Rev. David (he/him): so. By that Once we move into the room.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): But uh, no, it just appears for us now. It's gone. It's. Once you move into the room, it's gone. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: okay. So
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: This one is going to go
Timothy Sackton: five and wake up
Timothy Sackton: this one.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Oh, my! Stop!
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Um! So the plan is to grab these and bring them up.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Tim's playing them as they know exactly what the spell does, so potentially it'll be useless.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Um,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: i'm a fast swimmer. I'm gonna try
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): what the plan is, and I'm: a good soldier. Okay, Wow. Yeah, Okay,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): No, no, it's fine. Shark is still charmed.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: So if I go down, where do I pop up
Timothy Sackton: right where the shark is, but the shark is currently incapacitated because it's charmed by the
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: to the next level.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, here,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: okay,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: that's where you appear. I appear there and then i'm going to make a beeline.
Timothy Sackton: So so it's twenty, five
Timothy Sackton: and thirty. It's about forty feet.
Timothy Sackton: I say you move five feet of movement getting to the Fan, and it's about forty feet to get to the Kencue, because they are at the bottom here at the top.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Okay.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: So I
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: So What's a dash? Just an extra? Oh, my action is the movement. Use your action to move. I still have one action left right. Not that I can really do much with it. But okay, that's what I do.
So
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I to pick up this one.
Timothy Sackton: That's that's forty feet of movement. You still have twenty feet of movement left,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: so I grab it.
Timothy Sackton: It's chained to the wall by coral,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: so I guess I can use my a strength check to pull them to rip it off part, or that would be it. You've already used your action to dash so you can't use your action to pull it for eat. Don't. I get two actions, or I skit to a task that you take the attack action.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Now you have to do next round.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Oh, God! Okay. So Then I'm: just there. Yeah. Okay. So what are you doing,
Rev. David (he/him): hey? I got a step away just for sec to get a kid into bed. But um, if someone like
Rev. David (he/him): he uh wants to play well, he will either help rescue people or help murder people. So
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: get you a halfling that can do both.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Yeah, uh, she's gonna head down as well
if you can pop them down there.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Oops Uh: okay, that's five feet of movement to drop through. You're now at the ceiling.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, the shark is right next to you, but is incapacitated
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Right?
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Um.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: So
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: to get over to that guy
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: is
Timothy Sackton: that would be about forty feet of movement. Because you're It's diagonal. You're there on the ground. You're on the ceiling.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I will go to them with a dash as well.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: and I will use uh,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I'll use my action search to to a in a uh, an attempt to get them out to it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a strength check.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Oh, do I want to get big for that?
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Why not? I'm sure we are fighting this shark,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: so I get big, and then I get advantage on the strength check.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Uh one, two
Timothy Sackton: uh yeah. You take a solid giant swing with your
Timothy Sackton: fist and you the coral cracks and the the binds around this can to fall free.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Do I have the unconscious one, or the awake one?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you have the awake one.
Timothy Sackton: We're dead,
Timothy Sackton: but I make.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: That is
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: all of my actions and bonuses and everything else.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Um.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Oh, yeah, I guess I would have a little bit of move left with dash. So I moved forty to get there. Doesn't action, search, give you. Does it give you one extra action or no? It doesn't move? You'd have another twenty feet of movement,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: twenty feet of movement. But if I was dragging this person, that would be But you're You're a size larger than them, so it doesn't matter Still twenty feet of movement.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Okay? Well, then, i'll go up toward you. Could he grab both of them
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: like one of them still fastened to the wall, so he uses his turn to grab it. Get close to my guy. Next turn grabs my guy. I still big and could just push him up. That's actually less total terms.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Right? Yeah, I was gonna say that i'm gonna come to around here, anyway, so that I've got the ability to protect.
Timothy Sackton: This is like a big hunk of coral that goes up about ten feet. So now you're
Timothy Sackton: use all your move to get up there. And now you're now You're above both of them,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: am I? I? I've got about like reach around me to everybody or no.
Timothy Sackton: Um, Yeah, because it's ten feet up, and you've got a ten foot reach that you do have reached around you, too. So it should be. I should be able to protect there, so i'll just sort of hover in that space.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see this one. The unconscious one doesn't get to do anything. Um,
Timothy Sackton: Ah! And we have a tentacle coming out of this hole right next to
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Oh, no,
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: all mash,
Timothy Sackton: which is going to be a twenty four to hit
Timothy Sackton: and make a constitution saving so
constant.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! The tentacle hits you. You take ten points of damage. Um! And this, like slime on the tentacle, begins to
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: this my shield, master of Asian Count, in effect, all of half damage on success.
Timothy Sackton: No, because it's just an attack role
Timothy Sackton: that only affects dexterity saves.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: The slime of the tentacle like begins to ooze around your skin, and you can start to feel it sort of oozing through the armor and like sort of
Timothy Sackton: creeping along your skin.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Ah, okay, Let's see what is when our wellbe and um
Timothy Sackton: and uh Rufus doing
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Wellbe's returned.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: What's the label? Land at the moment. Ah, I've got one of them released. Um! And we just got tentacle attacked, and the I guess all of the sailors are are not
Timothy Sackton: shark, and one seller are incapacitated and charmed. Two sailors are
Timothy Sackton: awake.
Rev. David (he/him): Um! Can I try and pull like
Rev. David (he/him): it Takes the charmed sailor out.
Timothy Sackton: That's quite That's like forty feet away, more than forty feet away from you.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Wow!
Rev. David (he/him): Hello! Can you move?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Can you take? Can you end up with three three move actions in a turn?
Rev. David (he/him): You can. Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Sure. It seems like it should be enough move to do all that.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: I will do all. So that's that's move bonus to get to this guy. Then What are you doing?
Rev. David (he/him): Um. Grabbing him and swimming back up again?
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So you're only going to move five feet swimming with him. Actually,
Rev. David (he/him): Um, he's larger than you are, so you're not going to be able to really move at all.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Well, you can drag things that are much larger than you through the water,
Timothy Sackton: I know, but you move at half speed,
Timothy Sackton: and you're already moving at half speed. So you're moved at quarter speed
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): because he doesn't have a swim speed. He's moving. We're moving at half speed.
Rev. David (he/him): Uh,
Rev. David (he/him): all right. That's good enough. I'll. I'll grab them and start
Rev. David (he/him): the process at least,
Rev. David (he/him): and keep going
Timothy Sackton: so like. Just move a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: bart him you're up,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): and what can I do? That's useful.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Eureka moves through.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I'm not like.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Now wait. What happened to roof this doesn't you get to do something?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. What do you want, Rufus to do?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Can he distract or do something? I don't even know what he can do.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: So we have two awake sailors, so we're going to have to fight them eventually.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): You should.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Yeah, we should do something with the two awake, sailors.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Rufus should do something with the two two week sailors, but I don't know what he's good at doing.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: You have any alien attacks type thing since they're so close together right now.
Timothy Sackton: He is just gonna He's just gonna to shoot them.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: that's
Timothy Sackton: six points of damage, and he can
Timothy Sackton: bonus action doing extra sex points of damage. So that's twelve points of damage. Missed with the second attack.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: That's what he did, artem Europe,
Timothy Sackton: so that I had on this guy.
Timothy Sackton: I mean that one shot definitely Looks like you know that one error shot as badly as wounded.
Timothy Sackton: This sailor pretty substantially
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): okay. I'm not like highway. I don't love just killing My!
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I don't feel like we have a good, really a choice, though.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: wait these that don't have the same drowning thing, though. Remember that. Yeah, that's true. That's my idea of that. Yeah,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I will go with i'll just go with chill touch on the one that is
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): on the one that
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): that
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): uh, what's it, Rufus? Already?
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: That is not enough.
Timothy Sackton: And put her down.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): this one is gone. Well wait Now i'm not coming into the room.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Okay, I mean,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): why would I, with a one hundred and twenty foot range spell? Why would I come into the room.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, this one is going to the wounded one is going to swim up and wake up the shark.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): E I
Timothy Sackton: This one is going to swim over here, and like tug of war with the guy who is being held by Wellby and shake him awake.
Timothy Sackton: That will end their turns.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, my! You're up.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: So I look towards Schol. Do you got these two?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: So with shoals confirmation I have normal swim, so i'm not like penalized for movement.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: So she was the one that was already here once, Right? Yep, Yep, she's she's the liquid. So i'm going. She's now. She swam thirty feet straight off basically to the shark, so she's out of your range. Oh, but these guys aren't
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: These two over here are are close to the ground. Okay? So I go over here, plus. They're moving towards Shelby, which is the one Shelby's Grab the one on the left that one right there. Yeah. So the one that's trying to get Shelby.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I go.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: If I'm here I can still
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: button.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I could still attack him from an angle from
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Okay,
Timothy Sackton: show your next.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: So I go here, and then I will attack.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: that gives you inspiration and an actual twenty.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: So I use my inspiration now. I assume Right?
Timothy Sackton: No, it gives you inspiration. You gain inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: wait, wait! And then
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I don't want to. So it does an extra.
Timothy Sackton: That didn't roll critical damage. I don't know why roll an extra oned six plus twenty, four
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: on the
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: six.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): No, the credit. It's all that are. Now never mind. I don't know what it did.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, he's also looking badly wounded, but
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: not down. Then I attack again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: That author hits
Timothy Sackton: with that this sailor falls to the ground
Timothy Sackton: um wounded and unconscious, and
Timothy Sackton: presume this is non-lethal damage. So you whap him with the spear he falls, he doesn't seem to be having any trouble breathing.
Timothy Sackton: Um! Are you doing anything else
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: your next? Oh, wait! I have a bonus action. I'm gonna throw my spear at the girl. I can do that right. I have the uh Yup, is it? But
Timothy Sackton: yeah, quick to
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: a maneuver,
Timothy Sackton: I think that will. Just
Timothy Sackton: yeah, that's justin range uh
Timothy Sackton: no, It's just out of range because she is thirty feet up.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Huh!
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I think I moved around twenty five feet. I don't quite remember. So
Timothy Sackton: you move twenty five feet you've got five feet of movement left.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: still twenty-five feet away, though,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: so I can't make it. Okay. So then I stop.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you could throw a spear at this one right here.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: But that's the one that's unconscious Still, right? Has it been waking down? This guy woke up all conscious. Oh, um! It's okay, because i'm going to attack him in this next round, I think. Okay. So I thought my spirit him. What do I roll for that?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: It's a maneuver so attack
Timothy Sackton: you. Add the Superior died to the weapon. Roll.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so
Timothy Sackton: but twenty eight hits. So that's twelve damage at A. D. Ten
Timothy Sackton: That guy is almost dead Now your spear pierces him directly he like staggers back. You cannot do non-lethal damage on a ranged attack so he is wounded pretty badly, and then your spear appears back in your hand. So you're up
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: all right. I'm going to try to get the other one out of the coral.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, strength check with the vantage.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, no problem, crack the coral, the other quarrel.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um. This This one who's semi-conscious, but wounded kind of looks over at you. Um.
Timothy Sackton: A little bit concerned like, Are you?
Timothy Sackton: Are you?
Timothy Sackton: Where are you taking us?
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Uh, right? Yeah, I say, follow me and stay behind me, and I take the one that's unconscious under my arm and start swimming up toward the ceiling.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: ceiling is out right?
Timothy Sackton: So you can. Yeah, ceiling is out.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, She looks she like
Timothy Sackton: kind of shakes, your
Timothy Sackton: Are you rescuing us or taking us to our deaths?
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of under her breath, but follows you
Timothy Sackton: that that ends your
Timothy Sackton: turn.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: Okay? Well, the you're up.
Rev. David (he/him): Uh,
Rev. David (he/him): I take steady aim and stab the guy in front of me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: nonetheless.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, he is. He is dead.
Rev. David (he/him): Uh,
Timothy Sackton: you got inspiration, and you also do an extra like damage on the vicious swordstorm, and if your sneak attacking you, roll the sneak, attack damage twice.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that you can do not lethally, but the vicious sword sword,
Timothy Sackton: I mean he's not dead death. He's just making deaths. He's not stable.
Rev. David (he/him): All right. Hang on! I'm gonna roll. Uh
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you can roll just to see. But you're gonna
Timothy Sackton: I mean he only had two hit points left.
Rev. David (he/him): Just so. Here are three groups.
Rev. David (he/him): Let me try that again. It's eleven d six, plus eleven
together.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah,
Timothy Sackton: that would have been much more usefully applied to the shark.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, wow, Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: yeah. Ah, So you guys, you swing at this guy like trying to like, hold him with the flat of the blade. The sword just turns in your hand and slices this like nasty gash across the the body of this creature
Timothy Sackton: or this human sailor, and he like, falls back, and you see there's this blood coming out of this wound in his chest as he uh goes down,
Rev. David (he/him): I can presumably give them healing or stabilize the next round.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, sure. Um, um.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I guess we, too. I could have used my shield protection on the guy to protect him from Well, murder and state.
Timothy Sackton: The shark now turns and swims towards
Timothy Sackton: towards Shaw,
Timothy Sackton: and is going to. How big is the shot?
Timothy Sackton: It's about fifteen feet of no. What size is it large? Or, if you are huge.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: When I within that ten feet i'll use my reaction to try and hit it.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, okay, yeah, go ahead.
So it's
Timothy Sackton: that it?
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Okay, it's stopped dead right there. So it stops, Dad.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it takes
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: and it like
Timothy Sackton: like as it's going to
Timothy Sackton: charge you like, Whack it with your um
Timothy Sackton: uh with your uh um plave, and it kind of roars back in like fury. And as it's um
Timothy Sackton: ah as it's
Timothy Sackton: mouth opens
Timothy Sackton: as it's as it's warring
Timothy Sackton: blast of cold, just like shoots out of its mouth.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: make a constitution save.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, okay, let me just see
Timothy Sackton: um. You notice, as it opens its mouth that there is
Timothy Sackton: a person hiding inside the mouth of this giant shark, and it just got. She just cast a spell at you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you cannot see her.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, sorry. You don't notice that because I was looking at Rufus's passive perception, not yours. Forget I said anything. You notice nothing.
Rev. David (he/him): I know a shortcuts ice graph.
Timothy Sackton: Yes,
Timothy Sackton: you take
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Come on.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you take thirty eight points of cold damage
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: um
Timothy Sackton: as do
Timothy Sackton: your Oh, they get saves
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: and I did. I did ask them to be behind me.
Timothy Sackton: I'll give them advantage on their saves because of that,
Timothy Sackton: even though you normally don't get cover on what?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, okay, They both make their saves. Neither one of them is dead. Um! That the conscious one is now unconscious. Um, the unconscious one
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: in rough shape.
Timothy Sackton: Um! That ends. The sharks turn unconscious. One is unconscious.
Timothy Sackton: Uh,
Timothy Sackton: let's see
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Well be a tentacle shoots up from the ground right
Timothy Sackton: there and attacks you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that is going to be a twenty, five, twenty, seven to hit.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, my, that's just my accent.
Timothy Sackton: You take
Timothy Sackton: eleven points of damage and make a constitution saving throw.
Uh, are you?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you also? This slime begins to coat your body just like it's now coding.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: i'm sorry I keep forgetting Your name is Alan Masha's body.
Timothy Sackton: It's Rufus's turn. Who does he want to shoot? I guess the giant shark
Timothy Sackton: use the other. He's going to use his other lure arrow to try and lure the giant shark.
Timothy Sackton: Where do you want to lure the giant shark to?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): We want to. We want to clear the way for shoal far away from these guys over there. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So the shark gets a save
Timothy Sackton: which a
Timothy Sackton: now
Timothy Sackton: succeeds, So that does nothing.
Our time. You're up.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): So I don't know. There's a creature inside the shark.
Timothy Sackton: You just on you. I mean, yeah, you saw the shark breathe ice.
Okay?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I'm not maintaining concentration or anything because they're all awake. Right? Yeah,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I am going to.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I think it's time to use a Fourth Level spell.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I'm going to palm more of the shark
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): into a sea slug.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it will get a wisdom save Yep,
Timothy Sackton: that is a T.
Timothy Sackton: So, as the shark turns into a sea slog, you see a person
Timothy Sackton: left behind who is now
Timothy Sackton: out in the open,
Timothy Sackton: and that ends your turn.
Don't step on that C slug.
Timothy Sackton: This.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): It's a bright orange sea slug.
Timothy Sackton: This um swashbuckler is going to go step on the seats. So come on
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Seriously, Tim, you are being not very fun.
Timothy Sackton: They are being controlled by a very intelligent creature. What do you expect them?
Fine! I turn it into a turtle.
Timothy Sackton: You gotta pick things that are,
Timothy Sackton: and we'll go.
Timothy Sackton: This she is going to go chase after the
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: the Colonel,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): she being the spellcaster.
Timothy Sackton: No, no! This this pirate Here it's her turn. She will take a swing at the turtle to try, and
Timothy Sackton: Ah
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: knock it out. Is the turtle slimming away, or did the turtle fall down to the bottom and is like crawling away because she was a pie.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Right?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Yeah.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Also, she's chasing a turtle when somebody get an attack of opportunity as she.
Timothy Sackton: No, nobody. Oh, no, she is within ten feet of
Timothy Sackton: she's leaving. She would be leaving soles reach, so she doesn't have one anymore. I used to to stop the shark
Timothy Sackton: right? Oh, right, okay. So she chases after the shark and swings at the turtle.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: ah! With here our rape here.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: She will hit the turtle.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how much hit points turtles have, but she doesn't have. How close is she to me right now
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: she would be basically next to you. So I use my shield to protect the turtle.
Okay?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so her second attack will be with disadvantage That is going to miss. The turtle is still alive.
Um!
Timothy Sackton: She has three hit points.
Timothy Sackton: It is now
Timothy Sackton: the turtle is wounded, though it's. Now Al Mash's turn,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: so I am going to attack her. Do I need to move to get to her, or is she within my reach?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: attack
Timothy Sackton: that hits
Timothy Sackton: She is unconscious.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Then
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I still have my movement right in an action.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Yeah, you still have a second attack and your movement. So I want to pick up the unconscious guy and try to push him. Get him up.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I close enough. I'm a normal swimmer, so i'm not penalized for being underwater,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: and he's right beside me.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can. You can swim with the unconscious guy. So I But you're going to be half speed because you're dragging a creature
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: ten, fifteen feet away. He's right there, so I haven't moved at all, so I grab them, and I get as far as I can,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: and then kind of use my remaining action to like. Push him up where he's out of the way. Done conscious guy,
Timothy Sackton: I mean. He's kind of out of the way where he is. What are you trying to accomplish?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Keep them safe
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: trying to rescue people, but if he's unconscious, I will move up close and then attack this. Kill the Spellcaster get in the smellcaster's face.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I attack
Timothy Sackton: that that eleven misses can off arm off some invisible armor. I do, my indomitable and I get a new role.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Lucky you mean? No, I have indomitable special to that's saving. Oh, okay. So I use luck again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Then I roll again
Timothy Sackton: fifteen. She uses her reaction in a shield appears in front of her and deflects the
Timothy Sackton: deflects. Your sword.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Okay? So then I just
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: my turns over.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, yeah, uh. So you're up.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Okay? Um. So I have basically two unconscious
first people.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: But you're huge. Can you carry both of them?
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Ah,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: at this point i'm near the ceiling.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I went up last turn.
Timothy Sackton: You're near the ceiling. The turtle and the mage are sort of
Timothy Sackton: this clump of people here are in the middle of the of the terrain, and then the turtle is also in the middle.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Okay. So I should be able to just like, crawl the ceiling with these two and get out or push them through the the blades.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: yeah, you should probably be able to.
Timothy Sackton: You should probably be able. Yeah, You can move that distance and push them through the blades.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Okay, So that's my train.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Okay, I will do that. And uh,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: yeah, I guess that's gonna be it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Um,
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: the mage is going to vanish. Count your spell
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): from my ring.
Timothy Sackton: Do I get an attack of opportunity? Okay, make an intelligence check. No need. If it's. Is it
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): what we're up with Spanish casting
for us?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I like greater invisibility. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Yep. Spell does not, does not take a fact.
Timothy Sackton: She's used to reaction
Timothy Sackton: that and surgery and Bobby, you're up
Rev. David (he/him): all right. Um,
Rev. David (he/him): I'm gonna shoot theaster with my crossbow.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay? So i'll studying that for
Rev. David (he/him): a
Rev. David (he/him): a a light crust by assume.
Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: just use your short Bo: It should be the same.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that hits
Rev. David (he/him): uh. So that is a very good role. That's twenty nine, all together.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: She is pretty badly hurt.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the Eternal is going to
Timothy Sackton: swim away sort of meandering.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, unconscious ken, because um
Timothy Sackton: well be is still on the ground. So another tentacle is going to swim up, swing off and attack you.
Timothy Sackton: That is a twenty. Sorry you have twenty one to hit.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, that very much hits,
Timothy Sackton: So you take twelve points of damage
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): there, back.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no! He was back for a minute,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): so Rufus could kill the mage. Could. Yeah, no kill the man.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: um can't do non-lethal damage from now the mage we can just kill. Yeah,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Okay. Does The mage seem glassy-eyed like the other ones.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Yeah, yeah,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: she's a big threat.
Rev. David (he/him): Can we kill the Major and then just heal them next
Timothy Sackton: up natural one.
Timothy Sackton: The second attack is a
Timothy Sackton: eighteen
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: the mage will use shield again, so that Miss
Timothy Sackton: No, it's been her turn.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Oh, yeah, it has a reaction back. Yeah. So misses again.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: there's not a lot else that Rufus can do. So that is artem
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): at um.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): May I will cast
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): magic missile.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Why not?
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): at the age?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Ah,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): for ten points of image
Timothy Sackton: Uh,
Timothy Sackton: she is immune to magic missile because she had a shield up.
Now,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Now it
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll cast something else I won't cast. I'll cast a a cast she'll touch.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that hits. She is still up.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, one of this guy here uh
Timothy Sackton: um Death saving throw
Timothy Sackton: fails a death saving throughout. He is bleeding out.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: oh, my! You're up! Show next.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Um.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I go to stab
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: the age.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: that misses. Oh,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: so now i'll hit attack again.
Timothy Sackton: That misses
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): shield only lasts against the
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I don't know the start of her next turn. I'll start her next turn. Yeah, she is going to have a high. I see that that's a good spell.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Actually, let me look at the map real quick here. Um,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: yeah. So I just. I just stand here turns over
Timothy Sackton: right. We. We should be able to take out a mage surrounded by fighters. But you know, if any of you would use any of your abilities that you have. It would be It might help. Um,
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Called Edmund.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Yeah, okay,
Timothy Sackton: she is going to drop a fireball right here.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I'll catch your spouse
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): none of this nonsense. No casting spells. Mage:
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): uh i'm totally getting counter stuff for Dallas. By the way, too,
Timothy Sackton: it kind of sucks for for warlocks, because you have so few slots to use it, and I know
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: she is going to.
Timothy Sackton: I guess she is going to counter spell your counter spell
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): she already Did she just use your reaction to Guest Shield. She
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): that's the start of her turn. It means she can't use shield on her. Next she can counter sp my counter spell.
Timothy Sackton: So. Ah
Timothy Sackton: seal Rufus on the turtle
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): um fireball I don't
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): which he cast fireball under water.
Timothy Sackton: I don't really want to do that because it's gonna be really annoying. If the turtle pops back she is going to turn it visible instead,
Timothy Sackton: but she still counter spells your counter spell,
Timothy Sackton: and then she vanishes.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Wow!
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Guess what I prepared
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Another counterspell the invisibility.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): You're gonna cast it
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): They last an hour. No concentration.
Timothy Sackton: And so now there's no active combatants at the moment.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: But unless you want to try and do something about these
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): invisible mage well, I'm going to cast the invisibility. As this is my turn.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I am burning through the spells like No tomorrow. But
Timothy Sackton: Bobby's turn.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm going to start trying to heal people and make a medicine check.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So you stabilize the one who's wounded. Everybody else is just unconscious. There's now a
Timothy Sackton: basically a pile of unconscious bodies on the floor, plus the two unconscious ken queue in the next they are. I should move them because they're in the somebody should, by the way, bring the turtle
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): above the great.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Hmm,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): because then it can't go back down, and then we can go back like we need to figure it out. But that'll go away in an hour, right? So like we can't.
Timothy Sackton: We got a turn? It's swimming over there. Someone catch the turtle.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, Tim, I also wanted to move ten feet up from the floor with my
Timothy Sackton: uh, it is.
Timothy Sackton: Rufus catches the turtle
Timothy Sackton: and shoves it through here.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): The invisible.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): That that's not concentration. Is that not concentration? One hour duration, no concentration. I wish I had realized that was one hour duration. I wouldn't have actually cast it before. But
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): okay, the May just right next to this great like looking like she's going to start to open that. Uh, so I will to everybody exactly where she is, and say,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): stop her.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Yeah, i'll match you up.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Um, so I can't see her, but I know where she's at you. Can. I should be able to attack your attacks Still, have this have disadvantage. Okay, So I But I have a rough idea where she's at, Because positionality. Okay. So I want to get on top or floating in front of the gate.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: So she Okay, right? So I moved to there. Okay. So then I start my attack
Timothy Sackton: that misses even without shield.
Timothy Sackton: You have disadvantage on your attacks, too.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Okay. So then
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: that it
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): you need to roll back to your disadvantage. You have disadvantage. So the first attack Misses
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): well again. Well, the seventeen and the twenty-two were the two roles.
Timothy Sackton: No, there's a twelve, and a seventeen, and then a twenty, two and a thirteen,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: and they all miss
Timothy Sackton: they all mess,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: and then i'm going to kind of bonus actually something else. I can really
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: wait. I can do one thing.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I'll use my shield push
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: to push her back.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I can do that.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can attempt to shove,
Timothy Sackton: don't bother rolling. You're a lot stronger than she is, but Shove just knocks her knocks her back five feet. Wow! That's away from the
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: uh yeah, i'm gonna.
Timothy Sackton: Do you remember where I am? I think i'm up at the top Right? You're up at the top because you just dropped. You just push the ken to up there out of range.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Yeah, i'm gonna grab their tail feathers and pull them back down through again. Out the turtles up above. I don't want waking up to a giant shark that eats them. Um,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: and then I will,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: and then I will uh,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: just
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: just drop down straight onto the grate with my big, heavy armor.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Do I have a tax left, or or was my action pulled in the back down?
Timothy Sackton: No, you can attack. But you you're out of moves.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Yeah.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: So
Timothy Sackton: so you're you're out of rate.
Timothy Sackton: Actually. No, that's within ten feet, because you have a ten foot reach right?
Timothy Sackton: So you're in range of the range. Yeah,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Okay, yeah, i'll uh try, and i'll try and have a a good hit on her. Where's my
here?
And
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: so you have disadvantage. Well don't even roll again, because that misses, Anyway, well gotta kind of get that disadvantage out of the way. And then you got to
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: terrible series of roles. That was pretty bad. But I've I've been rolling pretty well so far. You gotta get some of them out of there. Do I have a bonus uh the little bump attack? Yeah, you can do that.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no, Mrs.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Bummer.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, let's see she is going to
Timothy Sackton: cast magic missile at
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): shield.
Timothy Sackton: It does nothing.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: He changes the right on which he's going to cast, and then she casts she'll touch.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): No, no, no, she cast shield before
Timothy Sackton: a little bit jeeze, but it's fun. Um. Well, but you're up.
Rev. David (he/him): Uh
Rev. David (he/him): ah, I'm going to try, and
Rev. David (he/him): we'll see. So uh, disadvantaged your attack. Yeah,
Rev. David (he/him): yeah, uh
Rev. David (he/him): does. Uh, let's see. Steady aim advantage. Would cancel that out.
Rev. David (he/him): So you have a straight roll. Yeah, yeah, i'll do that
Rev. David (he/him): with the crossbow.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: That
Timothy Sackton: pets. They can't spell slots up.
Timothy Sackton: No, she doesn't have any
Timothy Sackton: first level slots left she got. She'll get a second level slot if she's going to use a second level slot to cash, you know. Then that misses
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: It's this for a scenario. So you can basically play like an evil wizard against all of us. This isn't even the boss. I don't know why I, having so much trouble with a ma with forty hit points.
Timothy Sackton: Wow! That's hard to hit surprisingly. Yeah. May jam or plus shield is pretty useful. The shark is. Everybody is out of
Timothy Sackton: commission. Rufus is going to.
Timothy Sackton: Rufus is going to take her out,
Timothy Sackton: even with disadvantage. It is plus ten to hit. Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Uh
Timothy Sackton: no, not on that shot.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, there we go. Twenty five.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: He is down,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: but it's still visible.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Uh nope Concentrations. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: somebody want to bandage her up.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Yeah,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I think we should. I think we should.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): What did we want to do with the shark?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I think we should somehow fix it to the blades, and then turn the blades on when it's in turtle form, and it can at least get some. Some free hits by the splitting, spinning blades.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Could we like wedge it So it would be restraint.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Yeah, I mean, if you if you time it right,
Timothy Sackton: you could
Timothy Sackton: drop. Have the turtle swimming in there. Turn on the blade. The blades will hit it. It'll revert and it'll be stuck. Yeah, but that can swim out.
Timothy Sackton: They should get some damage. Then somebody's going to be stuck up there with the spinning blades.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Well, and we don't want to. I mean
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): my idea. The other thing is we could just all coat go down. And who cares if the chart right? It's floating up there right? Oh, it's a But if we defeat, what's ever beneath us. What if What if I put this? Put just put the turtle out in the general ocean?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): That was my other idea.
Timothy Sackton: Put it on the other side of this. Let it go off swimming. What if you put it on the other side of the boulder? It can't get through that? Yeah, yeah, I will send my unseen servant to put it on the other side of the boulder. So um let me. I know It's getting late for those of us on the east coast. There is like one more fight.
Timothy Sackton: Mike is not able to join us for the last session, so
Timothy Sackton: I would sort of like to do it, but I also don't want to keep people up super late. So what do? How do people feel?
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I have a little bit of murder left in me.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean I I I care more about fill in Mike than
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I. I don't know if it's going to be in an hour and a half. I don't think I mean I can't. I have a lot. It's not going to be a doubt it'll be against it. Well,
Timothy Sackton: it's not going to be an hour and a half.
Timothy Sackton: I think you could do it in half an hour, if you like. Seriously use all your high-level stuff and don't like use. These wimpy can trips,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): not even touching a Fifth Level stuffs lot the entire adventure. Wow! I was going to get to the boss. I mean it could be thirty seconds if you hit that polymorph right exactly. Now i'm gonna big these handed and punch it to death.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I mean, let's let's let's do it. But let's try and be quick about it.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Yeah, I'm just gonna take a minute to take my contact. So yeah. But uh, lay on.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so with all these unconscious bodies here,
Timothy Sackton: what are you? What are you doing? Well, You have like a minute to get your breath. Not long enough for a short rest
Timothy Sackton: right
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): that my my vote would be.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): The shock is out right.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Pile the bodies up here
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): where where artem is
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): and go from there
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: makes sense. There's no tentacles up there, either. So yeah, exactly.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: And do you know how to open the the hatch?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Yeah, it just turns. Yeah,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): here's a question that was gonna. What
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): can we see through the slot to the tentacles?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah, Let's down, I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Wow, Yes and no, you can. But something might come punch you in the face.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you. So. In other words, you have to get up, you know, like Pier, in order to get up close to you from ten feet away. You can't see through them clearly. But
Timothy Sackton: uh, Rufus is going to cast protection from good and evil On
Timothy Sackton: go it!
Timothy Sackton: Who would be worse to be charmed?
Timothy Sackton: Probably. A.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Yeah.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: What is a charm? Saving throat against wisdom?
Timothy Sackton: Wisdom?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): My wisdom save is awful, too.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Not awful. Awful. But you know,
Timothy Sackton: okay, he is going to cast it on our to him. So our team cannot be charmed,
Timothy Sackton: frightened, or possessed by aberrations.
Timothy Sackton: Anybody else need
Timothy Sackton: ceiling,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I mean without a short rest
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I I could use. Well, now, I'm probably okay. I
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Somebody in the front line should take it more than
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: yeah. I'm down about forty.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): You should definitely take healing. Then
Rev. David (he/him): do we have spells for only potions for that?
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Rufus has spouse. He is going to cast
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: Second Level cure wounds on. He is going to do two Second Level cure wounds who needed it. Fourteen and thirteen.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Um!
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I could take both unless someone else needs.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm down by twenty seven.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Okay, I mean,
Timothy Sackton: give it. He's going to give him both the scholars and scholars. The front lineer looks smart.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Um, and then
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: so a total of twenty seven heel. Yeah, take it.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: What was my damage? I think I got ten
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: from the um.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: We gotta put it down
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Yeah, it was ten. So then i'm going to do my two.
Timothy Sackton: And, by the way, both of you who are damaged by the tentacles. You feel the mucus like
Timothy Sackton: collapsing into your lungs, and like so sorry, you know, around your skin, and like, just like this webbing now around all your skin,
Timothy Sackton: which actually, now that you look at the bodies, like most of the rest of them, have the same sort of subtle webbing on their skin.
Timothy Sackton: It's subtle. It's not super obvious.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, there's nothing else now. He's also gonna use masked mind so that he so that
Timothy Sackton: nobody can attempt divination spells on Rufus, just in case that matters.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Anybody else want to do anything before you spend the door open, I mean, Does somebody want to roll with greater of his greater invisibility.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: It gives you advantage in all your tax.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): It just it just
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): it just takes my concentration slot, which means I can't cast.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): There's various other things. I can't.
Rev. David (he/him): Let's just go down and burn this sucker down.
Rev. David (he/him): Well is, I mean, is there anything else that we have that would be useful here.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Wow. Greater invisibility.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, Send someone in with it.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Uh, I would love to take you wouldn't know you're there. You get advantage in all attacks that's free sneak attack.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Oh, greater and visibility to us
Rev. David (he/him): other spells. But i'll give you warning.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you open the door and you drop. You look look through,
Timothy Sackton: and as it opens, you hear a sort of voice in your in your mind, uh, all of you together, as the as the thing opens.
Timothy Sackton: Welcome, my friends impressive tactics. No, friends, he's friendly.
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: with love
Timothy Sackton: your aid
Timothy Sackton: in helping me with my quest,
Timothy Sackton: and I can help you in return,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Sweet,
Timothy Sackton: There must be things that you desire,
Timothy Sackton: free down
Timothy Sackton: exploration,
Timothy Sackton: honor,
Timothy Sackton: love,
Rev. David (he/him): the death of all crabs.
Timothy Sackton: These things can be granted.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe not the crabs.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, no, Rufus is not even part of this, because he's got not detection, and he can't be telephone. I have not detection, too.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So you're not part of this.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: you have proof against.
Timothy Sackton: Does the am. What of?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): You can't be
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): a divination. Magic
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): can't be tired by any divination. Magic,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): though I don't know if it counts as definition matching.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no, actually neither one of you are unaffected. This is just telepathy.
Timothy Sackton: Um! So you both. So the crabs thing, and you both here and I've misread no detection. He can't you? There's other things that he can't do to you because you have not detection. Um!
Timothy Sackton: I can grant these things, and more,
Timothy Sackton: if you will aid me in my quest.
Rev. David (he/him): Listen. But if you can't kill all the crabs in the world, I don't know why we were even talking
Timothy Sackton: because
Timothy Sackton: I could.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I could take you across the endless ocean. Can we see this creature right now?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I just cast a spell.
Timothy Sackton: You can roll initiative. Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): I feel like we're done negotiating right now.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Okay. But I want love, though
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: fine.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I i'm done negotiating.
Timothy Sackton: I look for somebody with all me. Is
Timothy Sackton: so initiative.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Yep,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): that
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Rufus can be the nineteen.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I've been very consistent with uh eight and nine and then eight. Wow! Rufus is a twenty-three.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Yeah, with my initiative, I haven't been great at going first.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: uh, Rufus rolls a So Okay, you're all
Timothy Sackton: Do you have another use of your
Timothy Sackton: enlargement. By the way
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I do, I've got. I've got four prolong rest. So yeah, just keep your
Timothy Sackton: okay. Uh Where did Rufus go, Rufus. Um, You're just you're just launching it. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: hell
Timothy Sackton: uh It'll drop down and just
Timothy Sackton: shoot an arrow.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Um,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): like,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): What are we looking at down here?
Timothy Sackton: You're looking okay? So you're looking at um
Timothy Sackton: a big open cave sea cave like you've seen before. There is this
Timothy Sackton: purple like I uh
Timothy Sackton: giant sort of um
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: a yellow crystal that juts up from the center of the cavern, and like this shadowy figure with an enormous eye, seems like it's tracked in it. Now that you're in the room, you can see like it's moving slightly like the eye is looking around.
Timothy Sackton: Um! The floor is covered with like scattered piles of coins. A few other treasures, the fiery heart of a remarks Um!
Timothy Sackton: The tentacle creature abolith is swimming around.
Timothy Sackton: There are three C elves that are sort of swimming and guarding around it. Um! That also appear to be charmed.
Timothy Sackton: The walls of the cave are
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: covered in like jagged, broken lines of coral,
Timothy Sackton: so this yellow crystal is like the yellow crystal, and then all around the edge, there's coral that's all broken Right? Um! Oh, let me put the
Timothy Sackton: Ceos and monster! Sorry I didn't realize they were on the Gm. Layer.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Rufus is still taking his shots, and he'll use
Timothy Sackton: Ah, hell
Timothy Sackton: use a bonus action to designate the Abol if the slayers prey
Timothy Sackton: and we'll um
Timothy Sackton: uh, we'll take his two shots
Timothy Sackton: uh so uh twenty, four hits and a twenty nine hits
Timothy Sackton: um, so that is
Timothy Sackton: three Ah, seven, I plus
Timothy Sackton: five plus six.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Go ahead. No, I just.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I was telling everybody trying to clog up the battlefield before I have a chance to get off a mass area effect.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, seven, five, six. Okay, that, adds Rufus. Turn, and he'll turn invisible as a bonus action
Timothy Sackton: at the end of Oh, he already uses transaction, so he will not turn visible.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so um Wellby is next
Rev. David (he/him): i'm going to move into the farthest range possible, from which I can shoot and shoot.
Rev. David (he/him): Where? Where is that?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that would be like right up at the ceiling
Timothy Sackton: sort of here is something like that.
Rev. David (he/him): I yeah perfect,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Tim, you need to move me down. I'm stock all the way up. Sorry everybody is stuck,
Rev. David (he/him): and then i'll I'll attack
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): uh with
Timothy Sackton: seventeen uh seventeen just hits
Rev. David (he/him): awesome. All right,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Don't. Forget If you have inspiration to say, Well, if you have advantage, it's not but
Rev. David (he/him): uh so that is twenty-nine all together.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Era strikes that it seems unaffected at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: let's see. That is, who Ellen's Wellbey's turn. It is at the end of
Timothy Sackton: um wellbey's turn,
Timothy Sackton: you see that um one of these nights, like one of these seals, like sucks in its breath, and is like
Timothy Sackton: wounded, and the energy is drawn by
Timothy Sackton: into this creature,
Timothy Sackton: and now it's it's turn. It is going to.
Timothy Sackton: Ah
Timothy Sackton: swim
Timothy Sackton: uh that. It can't. Bobby's invisible
Timothy Sackton: twenty,
Timothy Sackton: fifty.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: yeah, it can. It can. Oh, Rufus, as invisible too!
Timothy Sackton: Everybody's in visible.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Their ast of us haven't dropped down yet
Timothy Sackton: right it is going to swim up towards the ceiling.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): How tall is the whole space?
Timothy Sackton: Thirty feet. Okay?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it will swim.
Timothy Sackton: That's that's like that was like thirty, thirty, five, forty around here
Timothy Sackton: and well
Timothy Sackton: attack Rufus, with disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! With its tentacle.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: The first one is still going to
Timothy Sackton: ah so many. I wish it were a little faster. I don't need this animation, you can turn off the animation on D and D beyond.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Oh, really, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So the first two are still going to hit.
Timothy Sackton: So Rufus is going to take
Timothy Sackton: uh sixteen plus twelve, twenty, eight points of damage,
Timothy Sackton: and that will end its turn.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: you're up
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): so i'm going to cast um that synaptic static.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): This I mean, the apple will get hit if two of its squares are in it, right.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yep,
okay.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): So that's a Dc. Seventeen int safe
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): for all all four of these folks.
Timothy Sackton: Where did I can't find the
Timothy Sackton: I have too many Tab. Okay, there we go.
Timothy Sackton: Um! That has a big radius.
Timothy Sackton: Yep, it's for It's a twenty foot radius, twenty-five radius
Timothy Sackton: Uh, Okay, So that is a in to save uh
Timothy Sackton: now. Well, it's
Timothy Sackton: plus eight in same is not going to be that difficult.
Wow! Fifty, fifty
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: it! The omelette makes it safe, but it takes a half an inch. So twelve damage
Timothy Sackton: the seals uh,
Timothy Sackton: much less
Timothy Sackton: likely.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: all three up. No national, twenty, two of them fail.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): So the two that fail take twenty, four damage, and also have um minus one d six on all attack roles that build checks and concentration savings.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: hey?
Timothy Sackton: Half is twelve damage. F is twelve here.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Did that
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: which one
Timothy Sackton: going to use a legendary action to attack Rufus with its tail.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): And this doorway is open
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): which doorway I guess I
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): somewhere,
Timothy Sackton: which is going to be at disadvantage,
Timothy Sackton: but that still hits.
Timothy Sackton: Rufus takes um eighteen points of damage from that. Oh, and needs to make
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): three con saves.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so many character sheets open. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: that six Is
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: fail? So protection from good and evil is gone. Whoever that who has had protection.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that is gone. Rufus loses concentration on it,
Timothy Sackton: and that is going to be Al Mash's turn
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: the
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: three that are surviving the sailors which one has the cause. Did it One get That's Hp: sucked away from it to heal the monster. Yeah, this one here as though most we did. Okay. So I where, when we swim down, Where do we land on top of the golden triangle thing? I would just you guys
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): focused on like where you are.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Oh, I wouldn't focus fire on the apple.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Okay? So then I will jump down in maili range.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Right? Okay.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Here.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Um, and begin stabbing.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: That hits. Yep.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: And then i'm going to use a
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: maneuver,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: and the maneuver is
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: um. So you next
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: distracting um strike
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: um, which means the next person that a tax that's not me will have an advantage, and um I get to role
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: um to add to the damage one d ten
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: nice, and then I will do my second attack
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: that misses, and then um might as well use my bonus action now.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Um! So i'll use my action. Surge
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: and i'll attack again.
Timothy Sackton: I got
Timothy Sackton: that hits.
Timothy Sackton: It is definitely starting to look wounded at this point. Actually,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: okay, And then my turns over
Timothy Sackton: second attack. You get two attacks in action. Surge.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Oh, sweet! Then I do it again. More stabbing. Yes, stop, stop! Stop
Timothy Sackton: that hats.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So you're up after
Timothy Sackton: this, like all match with his spear just starts in four quick strikes uh opening, distracting it, opening it up, it turns, and is like
Timothy Sackton: tentacles all swarming around him, leaving an opening for you. Your next attack has advantage.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Sure that's pretty impressive, so i'll come down and go go right there
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: right maybe right there, because that's got reach on him.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Um!
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: And I will.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I will power up the storm glaves, charge
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: and
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: do some attacking.
Timothy Sackton: Remember, you've got a vantage. So now is your chance to use your power to act.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Yeah, that's that's a crit on the advantage,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: which somehow is the same damage as the other One
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: or thirteen plus the nine,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: thirteen, thirteen, plus nine, plus eight, plus eight. Okay, Um. So i'll do the additional one. D uh one, d eight.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): You roll that out
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: so another ten,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: and then a second attack
Timothy Sackton: that hits.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Then, as the bonus, I will do the
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: um
Timothy Sackton: lightning do the lightning. Yeah. So so that's okay. Eighteen against the against the
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Yeah, Okay, that eighteen hits
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: okay, and it takes forty six Lightning
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Dan,
Timothy Sackton: our guy, and is going to use its legendary action at the end of your turn to make a tail attack against
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Rufus
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Shield
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Shield.
Timothy Sackton: Okay with disadvantage.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Hey? That misses?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, okay. The knights are all going to collect around you.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Okay, When that one that when the second one is,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: i'll do the reaction on this one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Well, that's much shorter. If you roll two kits in a roll which one are you doing it on the one that's stuck far away
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): as better to do it on one. No, it doesn't matter. Don't just don't do it on the one stuck far away, if possible.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: It had to be because it's six it far away. When they were walking in I was yeah
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: they are going to come in with their spears now, and Don't forget. Two of them have minus one hundred and twenty six.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah,
Timothy Sackton: not going to roll unless they ate the first head three stabs with its spear.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: that's twenty. Two,
Timothy Sackton: yeah, minus one. So twenty one that hits.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that's going. So that one is going to do
Timothy Sackton: eight points of damage to you, and then the other one is going to make again. Three attacks up natural, twenty,
Timothy Sackton: the minus one hundred and ninety, six doesn't change a credit
Timothy Sackton: now. Still a credit. It automatically hats.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! So that's going to be
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: twelve points of damage, and they can make new in saves to end to the minus one hundred and twenty-six effect two at the end of twenty-one.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: minus two. Is A nineteen does a nineteen hit.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: That's my I see. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: Okay. And then last attack
Timothy Sackton: as a natural one.
Timothy Sackton: So that's another. What's the nineteen due for me? Uh six point six, six yeah, six points of damage nd beyond. Just started rolling like crazy six points of branch. Um,
Timothy Sackton: Ah, now they're going to make new insays, all three of them. The one who's stuck is just going to toss his
Timothy Sackton: beer. I guess he's got a another one
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: and that's going to be a natural one, so that does nothing.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that's a twenty
Timothy Sackton: for this one who is no longer
Timothy Sackton: confused.
Timothy Sackton: Natural! Twenty, eight uh fourteen. This one is still confused,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: the other one passed originally, the other, the other one passed originally. So one is still confused.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! That ends their turns, and the abolished will use one more legendary action to take another tail attack against Rufus
Timothy Sackton: uh which is going to be uh
Timothy Sackton: twenty one, so that's gonna hit. So Rufus takes
Timothy Sackton: nineteen points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Um! Still
Timothy Sackton: at half
Timothy Sackton: uh, and that will bring Rufus turn up.
Timothy Sackton: He is going to
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: take the opportunity attack to retreat.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so that's going to be, and the Appleth will use his reaction
Timothy Sackton: to make a tend to go to act
Timothy Sackton: which heads,
Timothy Sackton: and then Rufus is going to shoot
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: pretty badly wounded at this point. But um
Timothy Sackton: well past Hunter's mark,
Timothy Sackton: so two attacks, but each attack gets an extra two d six if it hits,
Timothy Sackton: so that hits
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: natural twenty, Eric and Absenti is going to kill this thing. So that is a
Timothy Sackton: ah, so that's what are we? Two d six, plus two d six, plus
Timothy Sackton: two d a plus four,
Timothy Sackton: so twenty, six points of damage from the credit, and
Timothy Sackton: six,
Timothy Sackton: two, two d, six, plus one d eight plus four
Timothy Sackton: and fourteen, so forty points of damage total, and it's looking. It's looking pretty rough off.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, well be his turn.
Timothy Sackton: Got one show. It's gonna use a legendary action last legendary action to heal itself from the far away one
which is going to be
Timothy Sackton: so. This one that's back here. It looks badly wounded, and uh the able to regain some health. Well, the year off, after the two era from Rufus
Rev. David (he/him): Barrage into it the invisible wellbe it gets to attack.
Timothy Sackton: Let me remember resistance to fire damage because it's under water, but go for it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, eighteen hits
Rev. David (he/him): awesome. So here's the
Rev. David (he/him): regular damage. Twenty, three.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): And here's the
Rev. David (he/him): fire damage is nine.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So reduced to four
Timothy Sackton: still standing, it is now going to all that's. Tentacles are swarming around in
Timothy Sackton: Archim's there. Sorry. All Masha's face make a wisdom saving throw.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Okay,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: you are enslaved.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Yeah, I'm: in a ball
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: indomitable.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: So you have a inspiration. Use it.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I don't think I have inspiration,
Timothy Sackton: and that you didn't roll a No, that that was. Oh, but Rufus,
Timothy Sackton: now, Rufus didn't already have inspiration,
Timothy Sackton: so I can give you It's for sure. Shawl had inspiration, and he all the credit so he can give you his inspiration. Okay, So roll your indomitable with advantage.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Okay, so I did my double rolling again with advantage. I rolled twice.
Timothy Sackton: You better, for
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Oh, that's better.
Timothy Sackton: They did succeed.
Timothy Sackton: How do my inspirations come? I I forgot at the end of the turn. Actually
Timothy Sackton: so. Uh, no! Your inspiration is still there.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, let's see. Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Where's my map at the end of the turn before before that happens. But it's not going to affect that
Timothy Sackton: way too many times. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: I am going to say, Ah
Timothy Sackton: stall make our wisdoms that you see
Timothy Sackton: all of you see appearing in the like in the coral. This like picture of like an elven, a village of elves like underground and um
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: sorry underwater, and there's a There's a young There's a woman who's like dancing, and she looks out, and she beckons for shoal to come over.
Timothy Sackton: Do you go?
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I mean not. You're not forced to go, is it, my dear Gwendolen? Or is it just some? It is your dear Gwendolyn. Oh, no,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Ah,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: i'm gonna i'm gonna do a A. D twenty, and if it's above ten, I think i'm gonna start moving that way,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: that one I resist love our guy
Timothy Sackton: Um, that ends its turn. Artem. You're up.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Okay. Um. Does it look somewhat wounded?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Badly wounded. It's bloodied for sure.
Timothy Sackton: It's below bloodied.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, it's not like on the verge of that. One, two. It's well below. How can it's points?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Can I wind these three guys up with a lightning bolt?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Where do I like? I don't I just having a hard time envisioning the can. I at least get two of them?
Timothy Sackton: You couldn't get the abolish, and both of the out because they're on the ground, and the apple is up. But you can make a diagonal line that goes from the apple to either one.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Yeah, i'm gonna upcast lightning. I mean, you can't do it from where you are. You've got to move. You've got to. I just I can't move because I'm:
Timothy Sackton: Oh, right.
Timothy Sackton: So you've got You've got fifteen feet of movement so you can
like you could go somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you could go there and you could line it up. So you get the avalanche, and
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I mean I don't want to be in melee range of the apple with. Can I go like there and line it up.
Timothy Sackton: Uh then you're going to get our to our side. I'll mash. Can I go to
Timothy Sackton: That's out of your move because you don't have as soon as you've only got three squares of movement.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Where am I coming through here?
Timothy Sackton: You're coming through the you coming through the one square up from there. There.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, the one two. Oh, no, you could get there. You could get there. You could get there
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): all right upcast lighting Bolt
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Fourth level.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um and i'm going to use which one of these two are you targeting uh the one in May like combat?
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um, i'm gonna spend a power surge to do it, which I forgot to add, I wish I had been spending them
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): um to do an extra five force damage
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): to the app with
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): who will certainly take damage, because even if he makes it save it's half
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): um,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): and it's A. Dc. Seven. Jackson's are not not his strong suit Fails
Timothy Sackton: Alfie:
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Yeah, and that's what That's twenty-six, too. Well, so, plus
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): the twenty-seven. So the apple takes thirty, two, and the elf takes twenty-seven.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Well, it's look hurt by that blast through um
Timothy Sackton: at the end of your turn.
Timothy Sackton: The abolith has his legendary actions back,
Timothy Sackton: and is going to with his ten foot. Reach tail
Timothy Sackton: slap at you. Item.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Wait. I don't need to gas shield until he
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): hits right. Ah, which is the nineteen,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): so he will miss
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): my twenty Ac with an hour. Okay,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): No. Wait. Hold on. Yeah. My ac is twenty with shield,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): so he'll miss.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I'll use the shield out of my ring.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I Haven't used that yet. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: So that ends your turn.
Timothy Sackton: Almost. You're up.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Okay. Hm!
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Winds up attacks.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: There's a hit that misses
Timothy Sackton: that misses
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: you're distracted by shaking off by the effort it took to shake off the mind control. And and then I I have a bonus action,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: and I will, which is the weakest looking of the
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: sailors, but wine in the back is badly willing dead. Oh, I can. I spear that far?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): No, Oh, actually my ac is twenty-two,
Timothy Sackton: because you have a plus two, and concentrating, you can't reach any of those with your spear. They're all more than twenty feet away at the moment you're at the top.
Timothy Sackton: But you'll have disadvantage because you're in May, but you can do that um if you like a bonus
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: uh the bet uses a lot of maneuvers. So I may say a maneuver.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Actually.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Um: yeah.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Did you end up casting shield Artem: Yep. Okay. So i'm going to stay where I'm at.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, yeah, my is twenty-two right now i'll be okay,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: is it not?
Timothy Sackton: I was going to take another strike at um at you
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): alright, to you. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: uh with its tail at the end, with its second legendary action, which is
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: nineteen still misses.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, surely you're up
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: all right. I'm just whacking at it.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Yeah, that's a mess i'm gonna do. Uh, I'm gonna use my inspiration. But i'm going to take the minus five. So i'm going to roll twice. Okay, Which sorry. Which are you attacking
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: the the envelope? Because you're You're on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: You are on the ground.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Um! How high do I have to go to get to it.
Timothy Sackton: You could get there with your move. But you just take opportunity attacks from the two elves down here.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Yeah, that's fine.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Um. Okay, So these will be minus five, but with advantage
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: that one is no good. That would have been no good anyway. So that's fine. Yeah. And uh the opportunity to tax it to you.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: That's good.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Use the lightning and target the applets with that as well.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Six. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Sixteen misses. Sorry. Great Great turn. Phil. Let's go. Okay, That ends here. That's the nights now are going to swim up
Timothy Sackton: This one cannot quite reach you.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: I'll take a take my reaction to attack one of them when they swim.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Um, that'll hit fourteen damage to the one that gets ten, The the one that's been heard a lot.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, the one that's been hurt. A lot is using a dash is not going to be able to attack you this turn, anyway,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: but you still want to do it on that one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, they do get into reach and that knocks them.
Timothy Sackton: Are you aiming for non lethal here?
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Yeah, there might be people potentially right.
Timothy Sackton: These two are going to attack
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: You know what I give up on this.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: so two hat
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: one hit so four total. So
Timothy Sackton: So that's um.
Timothy Sackton: That's twenty. One damage to you as the else swim up in our like, just stabbing spears all around you. Yeah. And now
Timothy Sackton: you see in the wall behind you.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: the city of medieval.
Timothy Sackton: And out at the top of the tower a rich lord sitting in conversation with a blue-skinned.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: Every feature. You recognize the gin
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: The gin looks at you and whispers, I can grant you a wish if you come here
Timothy Sackton: an image in the wall in the coral make our wisdom save,
Timothy Sackton: and if you succeed, it's up to you whether you go over or not. If you fail, you are required to.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um. I have a lot of.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I have a lot of bonuses to that. Well, not a lot. I have a plus
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): two.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that succeeds.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): No, I think our Tim would know that it's he wouldn't fall for a trick.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: brings us back to stop around to
Timothy Sackton: Rufus, who unwittingly starts his turn adjacent to
Timothy Sackton: the wall, and the coral
Timothy Sackton: reaches out around him.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: relation! Kill Eric's character when he's not here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: He takes thirty five points of psychic damage
Timothy Sackton: and falls unconscious.
Timothy Sackton: That ends. Rufus's Turn
Timothy Sackton: well the you're up.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, right. I am gonna keep on doing what i'm doing. It's it's slow and steady here
Timothy Sackton: that it's
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): that's gotta kill it.
Timothy Sackton: How much is that? Twenty nine? That's that's very close.
Timothy Sackton: It is badly wounded at this point it's um.
Timothy Sackton: You know those arrows taking out event like you can see this like black bile beginning to
Timothy Sackton: inch out of it. It's like the like mucus is like forming a slime all around it, and it's going to use its legendary action. Last one
Timothy Sackton: doesn't have enough left to heal. It is instead, going to tail. Swipe at
Timothy Sackton: part of me
Timothy Sackton: is not so. I still have a twenty, two ac yup. That's a nineteen. The shield is very useful, and now it is going to make one more attempt
Timothy Sackton: reaching its tentacles around
Timothy Sackton: all Mash's mind,
Timothy Sackton: and it is going to attempt to enslave you one last time.
Timothy Sackton: Make another wisdom saving through.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Um, I use my last walk.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Timothy Sackton: Well, again,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): that doesn't seem plausible to me. There's something wrong with this dice.
Timothy Sackton: Your mind goes black, and then you like. Your eyes glaze over, and you just feel this overwhelming urge to kill Artem.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever you can do, he must die.
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: Do I roll an attack on the item. Now it's not your turn. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The amateur is then going to.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, he doesn't want to run. He doesn't want to take that hit from
Timothy Sackton: from shawl. So he is going to wait.
Timothy Sackton: Not do anything else. Art of it is your turn.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): All right, Mr. Adams.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I am just going to lighting bolt
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): right like that.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): I'm out of slots. So it's going to have to be a Fifth Level lightning bolt
Timothy Sackton: That's probably gonna kill it. It's got a bad deck save um Lossy roll that's a pretty good damage. I think that's plus two d sex
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): uh unless it. Has. That's forty-six. If it fails, it's save and twenty-three. If it makes it safe. Okay, if it fails, it saved it. Plus five on
Timothy Sackton: and it's got a minus one. Let's see what that is. Nope!
Timothy Sackton: The lightning
Timothy Sackton: burst out of our Jim's hands, just as you see Almash beginning to turn and charge towards you and Crackle, striking this creature as it is,
Timothy Sackton: as it is, sending this warrior to go slice you to pieces
it.
Timothy Sackton: The lightning just causes it to to like, begin to split apart and collapse and
Timothy Sackton: fall to the ground cooked.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, Rufus is still dying, however, but somebody can go well. We can get to him and and medicine him without a problem.
Timothy Sackton: Um! As the ablet dies, Al-mash and the two elves who are still charmed like
Timothy Sackton: shake out of their enchantment.
Timothy Sackton: Looking around,
Timothy Sackton: awake now
Timothy Sackton: find clear what memories they have of the past,
Timothy Sackton: but sort of blinking open and seeing this like giant elf in front of them,
Timothy Sackton: it seems like they don't realize they were even attacking.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Um,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Hey, Tim?
Yeah.
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Where do you guys?
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): Everybody else is playing the next time.
Timothy Sackton: Yes,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): when you
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): that son of
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): November eighteenth,
Artem Novolozek (he/human/wizard): November eighteenth.
Timothy Sackton: I am really tired. I would love to do like a half hour. Wrap up, but it can't stay up any later. I could certainly join from eight to nine on the eighteenth. Yeah, let's do that. That's perfect. The only problem.
Timothy Sackton: As there are two potential. So i'm just going to mitigate this because we can role, play the we can role, play, wrap up with everybody. But there's
Timothy Sackton: two directions. You could go for the next adventure,
Timothy Sackton: and I'm just rather than role-playing it out. I'm just going to delete one from the wrap up. Which would you prefer to do?
Timothy Sackton: Ah go to a
Timothy Sackton: island that where there's been a fay incursion and track down a
Timothy Sackton: bay. Lord, who can teleport you to the fay wild, or go, explore a wizards tower with a wizard who mysteriously vanished, who has the power to plane, Shift you if you can rest with them.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: That's to everybody
Timothy Sackton: that's to
Timothy Sackton: everybody but Mike, who is only going to play it for the first half hour to wrap things up
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: both on,
Alimash- Human Battlemaster Fighter: I mean, for my character's motivation. He's kind of just doing missions at this point.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: Yeah, I'd probably be interested in the Wizards Tower, because it seems like that's where there'd be more interesting lute.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: But
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: ah,
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: but either one we can create anything.
Rev. David (he/him): I don't have real strength failure, either, by Western Star
Rev. David (he/him): who the tower was. Yeah,
Rev. David (he/him): hunting for excellent for the I don't know. I'm not being helpful. Yeah, it's a quaint clip.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: I will. I will delete the bay incursion plot, hook and make it so. The only possible choice was the Lizard Star. Excellent.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Okay, folks, I sorry. Just trying to squeeze everything into one session is a little bit more challenging than I, and like
Timothy Sackton: it took you like twice as long to do the easy combat as the deadly combat. I don't I I will say you were making fun of me for saving my spell slots That was on purpose. I use them all I know.
Shoal - Sea Elf Rune Knight: That's that's fair enough.